
I keep tweeting about the workflow I'm
I keep tweeting about the workflow I'm

I keep tweeting about the workflow I'm
about to show you, and every single time
about to show you, and every single time

about to show you, and every single time
I do, the tweet goes viral. Why? Because
I do, the tweet goes viral. Why? Because

I do, the tweet goes viral. Why? Because
it unlocks the missing 90% of Claude
it unlocks the missing 90% of Claude

it unlocks the missing 90% of Claude
Code's incredible design capabilities.
Code's incredible design capabilities.

Code's incredible design capabilities.
If you're using Claude Code, Cursor, or
If you're using Claude Code, Cursor, or

If you're using Claude Code, Cursor, or
any other coding agent for front-end
any other coding agent for front-end

any other coding agent for front-end
development, you need to hear this. If
development, you need to hear this. If

development, you need to hear this. If
you're anything like I used to be, you
you're anything like I used to be, you

you're anything like I used to be, you
prompt for a greatl looking modern
prompt for a greatl looking modern

prompt for a greatl looking modern
design just to end up with the same
design just to end up with the same

design just to end up with the same
generic shad CN purple UI that you see
generic shad CN purple UI that you see

generic shad CN purple UI that you see
all over Twitter. Getting pixel perfect
all over Twitter. Getting pixel perfect

all over Twitter. Getting pixel perfect
refinements feels impossible and like
refinements feels impossible and like

refinements feels impossible and like
you're just going around in circles
you're just going around in circles

you're just going around in circles
trying to convince the model to please
trying to convince the model to please

trying to convince the model to please
just do what you asked it. I hate to
just do what you asked it. I hate to

just do what you asked it. I hate to
break it to you, but those cookie cutter
break it to you, but those cookie cutter

break it to you, but those cookie cutter
designs aren't the model's fault. It's
designs aren't the model's fault. It's

designs aren't the model's fault. It's
the environment that you're placing
the environment that you're placing

the environment that you're placing
those agents in. You're taking an
those agents in. You're taking an

those agents in. You're taking an
incredible PhD level intelligence and
incredible PhD level intelligence and

incredible PhD level intelligence and
you're forcing it to design with
you're forcing it to design with

you're forcing it to design with
essentially blindfolds on the models.
essentially blindfolds on the models.

essentially blindfolds on the models.
They can't see their own designs. They
They can't see their own designs. They

They can't see their own designs. They
can only see the code that they're
can only see the code that they're

can only see the code that they're
writing. Or in other words, they're only
writing. Or in other words, they're only

writing. Or in other words, they're only
using the text side of their modality,
using the text side of their modality,

using the text side of their modality,
not the vision side. What I'm about to
not the vision side. What I'm about to

not the vision side. What I'm about to
show you is a massive unlock our team
show you is a massive unlock our team

show you is a massive unlock our team
has found. It's a single tool that gives
has found. It's a single tool that gives

has found. It's a single tool that gives
the AI eyes to see. the missing link in
the AI eyes to see. the missing link in

the AI eyes to see. the missing link in
a workflow. All built around the
a workflow. All built around the

a workflow. All built around the
Playright MCP, allowing these agents to
Playright MCP, allowing these agents to

Playright MCP, allowing these agents to
control the browser, take screenshots,
control the browser, take screenshots,

control the browser, take screenshots,
iteratively self-correct on their
iteratively self-correct on their

iteratively self-correct on their
designs, and to do so much more. I'll
designs, and to do so much more. I'll

designs, and to do so much more. I'll
take you through my exact workflows that
take you through my exact workflows that

take you through my exact workflows that
will give you design superpowers,
will give you design superpowers,

will give you design superpowers,
including the setup for sub
including the setup for sub

including the setup for sub
agents/comands,
agents/comands,

agents/comands,
the Playright MCP config details, and
the Playright MCP config details, and

the Playright MCP config details, and
also how I've customized my claw.md
also how I've customized my claw.md

also how I've customized my claw.md
file. In addition to some other hard one
file. In addition to some other hard one

file. In addition to some other hard one
insights, I will also sneak in some of
insights, I will also sneak in some of

insights, I will also sneak in some of
the most powerful mental models and
the most powerful mental models and

the most powerful mental models and
tactics that we've discovered for
tactics that we've discovered for

tactics that we've discovered for
getting the most out of cloud code along
getting the most out of cloud code along

getting the most out of cloud code along
the way. Feel free to reference the
the way. Feel free to reference the

the way. Feel free to reference the
descriptions timestamps to skip around
descriptions timestamps to skip around

descriptions timestamps to skip around
to what's most relevant to you. By the
to what's most relevant to you. By the

to what's most relevant to you. By the
way, I'm Patrick, the CTO and co-founder
way, I'm Patrick, the CTO and co-founder

way, I'm Patrick, the CTO and co-founder
of an AI native startup who's been using
of an AI native startup who's been using

of an AI native startup who's been using
Cloud Code heavily since it was first
Cloud Code heavily since it was first

Cloud Code heavily since it was first
released back in February. This workflow
released back in February. This workflow

released back in February. This workflow
is the single biggest front-end unlock
is the single biggest front-end unlock

is the single biggest front-end unlock
that we found. We have the honor of
that we found. We have the honor of

that we found. We have the honor of
working with the world's largest brands
working with the world's largest brands

working with the world's largest brands
including Google, Coca-Cola, Disney,
including Google, Coca-Cola, Disney,

including Google, Coca-Cola, Disney,
Nike, Microsoft, and others who expect
Nike, Microsoft, and others who expect

Nike, Microsoft, and others who expect
worldclass designs. So, we're constantly
worldclass designs. So, we're constantly

worldclass designs. So, we're constantly
looking for ways to get any edge that we
looking for ways to get any edge that we

looking for ways to get any edge that we
can. And I hope you can benefit from
can. And I hope you can benefit from

can. And I hope you can benefit from
these workflows, too. So, with that,
these workflows, too. So, with that,

these workflows, too. So, with that,
let's dive in. Playright is a framework
let's dive in. Playright is a framework

let's dive in. Playright is a framework
developed by Microsoft that is actually
developed by Microsoft that is actually

developed by Microsoft that is actually
more for web testing and automation
more for web testing and automation

more for web testing and automation
allowing you to navigate around the
allowing you to navigate around the

allowing you to navigate around the
browser and take screenshots and do
browser and take screenshots and do

browser and take screenshots and do
different endto-end tests. But what's
different endto-end tests. But what's

different endto-end tests. But what's
really really powerful for our purposes
really really powerful for our purposes

really really powerful for our purposes
is the MCP that they've released. So
is the MCP that they've released. So

is the MCP that they've released. So
I'll go ahead and show you the Playright
I'll go ahead and show you the Playright

I'll go ahead and show you the Playright
GitHub page. As you can see, we've got
GitHub page. As you can see, we've got

GitHub page. As you can see, we've got
over almost 76,000 stars at the time of
over almost 76,000 stars at the time of

over almost 76,000 stars at the time of
this recording. They highlight Chromium,
this recording. They highlight Chromium,

this recording. They highlight Chromium,
WebKit, and Firefox as different
WebKit, and Firefox as different

WebKit, and Firefox as different
browsers that you have access to. But if
browsers that you have access to. But if

browsers that you have access to. But if
I navigate over to the
I navigate over to the

I navigate over to the
Microsoftplayright-m
Microsoftplayright-m

Microsoftplayright-m
repository, we've got a bunch of readme
repository, we've got a bunch of readme

repository, we've got a bunch of readme
items, including quick start guide here
items, including quick start guide here

items, including quick start guide here
for Cloud Code and other agents. As you
for Cloud Code and other agents. As you

for Cloud Code and other agents. As you
can see, it is really easy to add
can see, it is really easy to add

can see, it is really easy to add
Playright to Cloud Code, but I will
Playright to Cloud Code, but I will

Playright to Cloud Code, but I will
revisit this in a second to give you a
revisit this in a second to give you a

revisit this in a second to give you a
few more configuration details that you
few more configuration details that you

few more configuration details that you
want to include. Now that you know a
want to include. Now that you know a

want to include. Now that you know a
little bit more about playright, I want
little bit more about playright, I want

little bit more about playright, I want
to introduce you to the key concept that
to introduce you to the key concept that

to introduce you to the key concept that
I keep coming back to as I add new tools
I keep coming back to as I add new tools

I keep coming back to as I add new tools
and in this case for a design workflow
and in this case for a design workflow

and in this case for a design workflow
and that is this orchestration layer.
and that is this orchestration layer.

and that is this orchestration layer.
See what we want to do is we want to put
See what we want to do is we want to put

See what we want to do is we want to put
claw code in a framework to give it a
claw code in a framework to give it a

claw code in a framework to give it a
foundation where it's able to have all
foundation where it's able to have all

foundation where it's able to have all
the context it needs all the tools to go
the context it needs all the tools to go

the context it needs all the tools to go
out and take actions or get additional
out and take actions or get additional

out and take actions or get additional
context and then clear validation state
context and then clear validation state

context and then clear validation state
examples of good and bad outcomes style
examples of good and bad outcomes style

examples of good and bad outcomes style
guides or anything else that can give it
guides or anything else that can give it

guides or anything else that can give it
a definitive example of what is needed
a definitive example of what is needed

a definitive example of what is needed
in terms of output. So if you have the
in terms of output. So if you have the

in terms of output. So if you have the
validation such as a UI mock or a style
validation such as a UI mock or a style

validation such as a UI mock or a style
guide, you have the tools such as of
guide, you have the tools such as of

guide, you have the tools such as of
course playright in this case and you
course playright in this case and you

course playright in this case and you
have the context well-written prompts
have the context well-written prompts

have the context well-written prompts
and documentation you will get so much
and documentation you will get so much

and documentation you will get so much
more success out of claude code than it
more success out of claude code than it

more success out of claude code than it
comes just out of the box. So in this
comes just out of the box. So in this

comes just out of the box. So in this
case we are focusing mostly on the
case we are focusing mostly on the

case we are focusing mostly on the
playright tool and also the validation
playright tool and also the validation

playright tool and also the validation
step which is baked into some of my sub
step which is baked into some of my sub

step which is baked into some of my sub
aent workflows. The second key insight
aent workflows. The second key insight

aent workflows. The second key insight
that really brings the 10x and the 10x
that really brings the 10x and the 10x

that really brings the 10x and the 10x
design flow is this idea of an iterative
design flow is this idea of an iterative

design flow is this idea of an iterative
agentic loop. Imagine as we get more and
agentic loop. Imagine as we get more and

agentic loop. Imagine as we get more and
more capable models, what we want to do
more capable models, what we want to do

more capable models, what we want to do
is we want to give them access to more
is we want to give them access to more

is we want to give them access to more
and more of our workflow so that they
and more of our workflow so that they

and more of our workflow so that they
can not just run for five minutes, but
can not just run for five minutes, but

can not just run for five minutes, but
they could run for half an hour or an
they could run for half an hour or an

they could run for half an hour or an
hour or even longer than that. The huge
hour or even longer than that. The huge

hour or even longer than that. The huge
unlocks that we get in productivity come
unlocks that we get in productivity come

unlocks that we get in productivity come
from this iteration loop that allow
from this iteration loop that allow

from this iteration loop that allow
these agents to not just run for longer
these agents to not just run for longer

these agents to not just run for longer
as I mentioned but also to come to much
as I mentioned but also to come to much

as I mentioned but also to come to much
better outputs. We need a fixed spec or
better outputs. We need a fixed spec or

better outputs. We need a fixed spec or
validator in order to iterate against so
validator in order to iterate against so

validator in order to iterate against so
that we can compare the output that cla
that we can compare the output that cla

that we can compare the output that cla
code gets again and again until we get
code gets again and again until we get

code gets again and again until we get
exactly the output that we're expecting.
exactly the output that we're expecting.

exactly the output that we're expecting.
In this case, you can imagine claude
In this case, you can imagine claude

In this case, you can imagine claude
code first looks at a spec. So, a style
code first looks at a spec. So, a style

code first looks at a spec. So, a style
guide, a UI mock, whatever you're
guide, a UI mock, whatever you're

guide, a UI mock, whatever you're
providing in the prompt and some of
providing in the prompt and some of

providing in the prompt and some of
these other bits of context. And then
these other bits of context. And then

these other bits of context. And then
you allow it to go ahead and tool check
you allow it to go ahead and tool check

you allow it to go ahead and tool check
or look at the playwright screenshot in
or look at the playwright screenshot in

or look at the playwright screenshot in
our case and compare that iteratively to
our case and compare that iteratively to

our case and compare that iteratively to
what it's building and back to the spec.
what it's building and back to the spec.

what it's building and back to the spec.
So, if it's able to go out, make some
So, if it's able to go out, make some

So, if it's able to go out, make some
changes, take a screenshot, look at
changes, take a screenshot, look at

changes, take a screenshot, look at
that, and then identify, oh shoot, this
that, and then identify, oh shoot, this

that, and then identify, oh shoot, this
SVG is nowhere close to what the user
SVG is nowhere close to what the user

SVG is nowhere close to what the user
asked me, and then go back again. That
asked me, and then go back again. That

asked me, and then go back again. That
iterative loop is what really gets us to
iterative loop is what really gets us to

iterative loop is what really gets us to
these full agentic workflows and saves
these full agentic workflows and saves

these full agentic workflows and saves
us a ton of time because we can kick off
us a ton of time because we can kick off

us a ton of time because we can kick off
a process, go work on something else and
a process, go work on something else and

a process, go work on something else and
not have to babysit it and prompt five
not have to babysit it and prompt five

not have to babysit it and prompt five
different times in order to get to the
different times in order to get to the

different times in order to get to the
end result. You have that context built
end result. You have that context built

end result. You have that context built
in. And the final big conceptual piece
in. And the final big conceptual piece

in. And the final big conceptual piece
here is thinking about the training data
here is thinking about the training data

here is thinking about the training data
that is under cloud code, specifically
that is under cloud code, specifically

that is under cloud code, specifically
Opus 4.1 and Sonnet 4. What do they have
Opus 4.1 and Sonnet 4. What do they have

Opus 4.1 and Sonnet 4. What do they have
in their neural nets or what circuits do
in their neural nets or what circuits do

in their neural nets or what circuits do
they have in their minds when it comes
they have in their minds when it comes

they have in their minds when it comes
to good design? If you think about it,
to good design? If you think about it,

to good design? If you think about it,
this is just an estimation here, but the
this is just an estimation here, but the

this is just an estimation here, but the
common crawl and text makes up the
common crawl and text makes up the

common crawl and text makes up the
majority of the training data. So, this
majority of the training data. So, this

majority of the training data. So, this
is books, just general stuff on the
is books, just general stuff on the

is books, just general stuff on the
internet, but we also have code that
internet, but we also have code that

internet, but we also have code that
these foundation labs are training more
these foundation labs are training more

these foundation labs are training more
and more on. And then we have images and
and more on. And then we have images and

and more on. And then we have images and
the multimodal models. Multimodal
the multimodal models. Multimodal

the multimodal models. Multimodal
meaning, of course, you're bringing in
meaning, of course, you're bringing in

meaning, of course, you're bringing in
all kinds of different modalities,
all kinds of different modalities,

all kinds of different modalities,
including images and text in this case.
including images and text in this case.

including images and text in this case.
The thing is though, when we're
The thing is though, when we're

The thing is though, when we're
typically using cloud code, we're not
typically using cloud code, we're not

typically using cloud code, we're not
tapping into the images side or the
tapping into the images side or the

tapping into the images side or the
visual modality within cloud code.
visual modality within cloud code.

visual modality within cloud code.
Indirectly, we get a little bit of that
Indirectly, we get a little bit of that

Indirectly, we get a little bit of that
benefit, but we're really just looking
benefit, but we're really just looking

benefit, but we're really just looking
at code best practices and other design
at code best practices and other design

at code best practices and other design
principles, but we're not allowing the
principles, but we're not allowing the

principles, but we're not allowing the
model to use its intellect when it comes
model to use its intellect when it comes

model to use its intellect when it comes
to understanding and looking at visual
to understanding and looking at visual

to understanding and looking at visual
design. So, we're missing out on all
design. So, we're missing out on all

design. So, we're missing out on all
that intelligence in the model, all
that intelligence in the model, all

that intelligence in the model, all
those neurons, if you will, or circuits
those neurons, if you will, or circuits

those neurons, if you will, or circuits
that help the model parse visual bits.
that help the model parse visual bits.

that help the model parse visual bits.
And that's where being able to provide a
And that's where being able to provide a

And that's where being able to provide a
screenshot via the Playright MCP unlocks
screenshot via the Playright MCP unlocks

screenshot via the Playright MCP unlocks
all of that potential, which as you can
all of that potential, which as you can

all of that potential, which as you can
imagine, when you're looking at designs,
imagine, when you're looking at designs,

imagine, when you're looking at designs,
that is a huge, huge help versus not
that is a huge, huge help versus not

that is a huge, huge help versus not
being able to think about things from a
being able to think about things from a

being able to think about things from a
visual perspective, but more from an
visual perspective, but more from an

visual perspective, but more from an
abstract or coding best practices
abstract or coding best practices

abstract or coding best practices
perspective. So the playright MCP
perspective. So the playright MCP

perspective. So the playright MCP
getting all that additional visual
getting all that additional visual

getting all that additional visual
context unlocks a lot of intelligence as
context unlocks a lot of intelligence as

context unlocks a lot of intelligence as
well from cloud code. So if I go back
well from cloud code. So if I go back

well from cloud code. So if I go back
here, we can scroll down to a few of the
here, we can scroll down to a few of the

here, we can scroll down to a few of the
playright capacities that are most
playright capacities that are most

playright capacities that are most
helpful. The first is being able to
helpful. The first is being able to

helpful. The first is being able to
automatically capture screenshots. So
automatically capture screenshots. So

automatically capture screenshots. So
you can imagine allowing claude code to
you can imagine allowing claude code to

you can imagine allowing claude code to
open up pages that you're working on or
open up pages that you're working on or

open up pages that you're working on or
to automatically trigger that through a
to automatically trigger that through a

to automatically trigger that through a
cloudMD configuration sub agent or a
cloudMD configuration sub agent or a

cloudMD configuration sub agent or a
slash command that you can run which
slash command that you can run which

slash command that you can run which
I'll show you in a second here. This is
I'll show you in a second here. This is

I'll show you in a second here. This is
the most powerful piece because it
the most powerful piece because it

the most powerful piece because it
unlocks the vision modality within cloud
unlocks the vision modality within cloud

unlocks the vision modality within cloud
code and allows you to enhance its
code and allows you to enhance its

code and allows you to enhance its
ability to think critically through
ability to think critically through

ability to think critically through
designs and also to see pixel perfect
designs and also to see pixel perfect

designs and also to see pixel perfect
captures of different UI elements that
captures of different UI elements that

captures of different UI elements that
need to change.
need to change.

need to change.
The second one is being able to read
The second one is being able to read

The second one is being able to read
browser console logs. So having access
browser console logs. So having access

browser console logs. So having access
to both the browser console logs and the
to both the browser console logs and the

to both the browser console logs and the
network logs in order to basically view
network logs in order to basically view

network logs in order to basically view
them and automatically read and make
them and automatically read and make

them and automatically read and make
changes as needed.
changes as needed.

changes as needed.
We can also emulate different devices in
We can also emulate different devices in

We can also emulate different devices in
various browser sizes. So you're
various browser sizes. So you're

various browser sizes. So you're
essentially setting the Chrome or
essentially setting the Chrome or

essentially setting the Chrome or
whatever browser window when it
whatever browser window when it

whatever browser window when it
launches. And you can also emulate, for
launches. And you can also emulate, for

launches. And you can also emulate, for
example, an iOS device. You can navigate
example, an iOS device. You can navigate

example, an iOS device. You can navigate
around the browser. So you can click
around the browser. So you can click

around the browser. So you can click
around, enter form field data and cloud
around, enter form field data and cloud

around, enter form field data and cloud
code can automatically look at context
code can automatically look at context

code can automatically look at context
and make the next step. Okay, so that's
and make the next step. Okay, so that's

and make the next step. Okay, so that's
awesome. But what does it actually get
awesome. But what does it actually get

awesome. But what does it actually get
us in terms of workflows? These are the
us in terms of workflows? These are the

us in terms of workflows? These are the
best workflows that I found. The first
best workflows that I found. The first

best workflows that I found. The first
that is mostly the theme of this video
that is mostly the theme of this video

that is mostly the theme of this video
is being able to agentically iterate on
is being able to agentically iterate on

is being able to agentically iterate on
the front end using the screenshots and
the front end using the screenshots and

the front end using the screenshots and
the logs that it it gathers. And this is
the logs that it it gathers. And this is

the logs that it it gathers. And this is
the key to really producing much better
the key to really producing much better

the key to really producing much better
looking UIs. The second is automatically
looking UIs. The second is automatically

looking UIs. The second is automatically
being able to fix any obvious UI errors
being able to fix any obvious UI errors

being able to fix any obvious UI errors
or errors that are in the console. Then
or errors that are in the console. Then

or errors that are in the console. Then
you have the ability and this is really
you have the ability and this is really

you have the ability and this is really
cool to navigate the browser. You can
cool to navigate the browser. You can

cool to navigate the browser. You can
imagine if you have a user spec of I do
imagine if you have a user spec of I do

imagine if you have a user spec of I do
XYZ and I get an error or there's a
XYZ and I get an error or there's a

XYZ and I get an error or there's a
visual error when this state happens.
visual error when this state happens.

visual error when this state happens.
You can ask cloud code to navigate in
You can ask cloud code to navigate in

You can ask cloud code to navigate in
that same method. click buttons, enter
that same method. click buttons, enter

that same method. click buttons, enter
form field data, and navigate around in
form field data, and navigate around in

form field data, and navigate around in
order to reproduce a certain state and
order to reproduce a certain state and

order to reproduce a certain state and
then grab the console logs or any other
then grab the console logs or any other

then grab the console logs or any other
context that's needed in order to help
context that's needed in order to help

context that's needed in order to help
solve your issue. Another cool workflow
solve your issue. Another cool workflow

solve your issue. Another cool workflow
is being able to visually render and
is being able to visually render and

is being able to visually render and
screenshot or scrape different reference
screenshot or scrape different reference

screenshot or scrape different reference
URLs. So you can imagine if you put in a
URLs. So you can imagine if you put in a

URLs. So you can imagine if you put in a
URL or a couple of them that reference a
URL or a couple of them that reference a

URL or a couple of them that reference a
beautiful design or a website that you
beautiful design or a website that you

beautiful design or a website that you
would like some inspiration from, you
would like some inspiration from, you

would like some inspiration from, you
can include that in your prompt or spec
can include that in your prompt or spec

can include that in your prompt or spec
and then let playright go out navigate
and then let playright go out navigate

and then let playright go out navigate
that locally on your browser and take a
that locally on your browser and take a

that locally on your browser and take a
screenshot of those pages or get any
screenshot of those pages or get any

screenshot of those pages or get any
other context. And then you have the
other context. And then you have the

other context. And then you have the
original intent of playright which is
original intent of playright which is

original intent of playright which is
the automated end toend testing or any
the automated end toend testing or any

the automated end toend testing or any
accessibility audits being able to ask
accessibility audits being able to ask

accessibility audits being able to ask
it to go and look for any accessibility
it to go and look for any accessibility

it to go and look for any accessibility
issues. We have mobile responsive
issues. We have mobile responsive

issues. We have mobile responsive
testing which is really helpful even if
testing which is really helpful even if

testing which is really helpful even if
you just do a quick tablet, desktop and
you just do a quick tablet, desktop and

you just do a quick tablet, desktop and
mobile view port size or of course
mobile view port size or of course

mobile view port size or of course
emulating like an iOS device to just get
emulating like an iOS device to just get

emulating like an iOS device to just get
a quick gut check on if there are any
a quick gut check on if there are any

a quick gut check on if there are any
mobile responsive issues. One kind of
mobile responsive issues. One kind of

mobile responsive issues. One kind of
cool use case that I actually had cloud
cool use case that I actually had cloud

cool use case that I actually had cloud
code come up with on its own is being
code come up with on its own is being

code come up with on its own is being
able to scrape data. I was using
able to scrape data. I was using

able to scrape data. I was using
firecrawl to gather some data which is
firecrawl to gather some data which is

firecrawl to gather some data which is
another MCP from a few websites and it
another MCP from a few websites and it

another MCP from a few websites and it
got a 403 i.e. it was blocked on a
got a 403 i.e. it was blocked on a

got a 403 i.e. it was blocked on a
couple of them. So, it went ahead and
couple of them. So, it went ahead and

couple of them. So, it went ahead and
spun up a new Playright browser in order
spun up a new Playright browser in order

spun up a new Playright browser in order
to load that same web page and then
to load that same web page and then

to load that same web page and then
gather all the data on its own, which I
gather all the data on its own, which I

gather all the data on its own, which I
thought was pretty clever and just cool
thought was pretty clever and just cool

thought was pretty clever and just cool
to see these emergent properties. And on
to see these emergent properties. And on

to see these emergent properties. And on
that note, what's so cool is that these
that note, what's so cool is that these

that note, what's so cool is that these
MCPs can allow cloud code to do so much
MCPs can allow cloud code to do so much

MCPs can allow cloud code to do so much
more than just in the coding modality or
more than just in the coding modality or

more than just in the coding modality or
in how we typically think of, for
in how we typically think of, for

in how we typically think of, for
example, Playright. It really gives it
example, Playright. It really gives it

example, Playright. It really gives it
full access to your browser to be a full
full access to your browser to be a full

full access to your browser to be a full
browser-based agent. And you can imagine
browser-based agent. And you can imagine

browser-based agent. And you can imagine
from the data scraping idea to
from the data scraping idea to

from the data scraping idea to
automatically logging in and submitting
automatically logging in and submitting

automatically logging in and submitting
data or getting to a certain end state
data or getting to a certain end state

data or getting to a certain end state
in your app or just navigating a website
in your app or just navigating a website

in your app or just navigating a website
to do almost anything. This is a really
to do almost anything. This is a really

to do almost anything. This is a really
powerful unlock for cloud code. All
powerful unlock for cloud code. All

powerful unlock for cloud code. All
right, I'm going to show you a couple
right, I'm going to show you a couple

right, I'm going to show you a couple
key installation details that you may
key installation details that you may

key installation details that you may
want to consider when configuring
want to consider when configuring

want to consider when configuring
playright in addition to my sub agents
playright in addition to my sub agents

playright in addition to my sub agents
pod MD file customizations/comands
pod MD file customizations/comands

pod MD file customizations/comands
and a few other details that have been a
and a few other details that have been a

and a few other details that have been a
huge game changer for me. So with that
huge game changer for me. So with that

huge game changer for me. So with that
you can see we're able to configure
you can see we're able to configure

you can see we're able to configure
different browsers but this is done at
different browsers but this is done at

different browsers but this is done at
the MCP config level. So with some MPC
the MCP config level. So with some MPC

the MCP config level. So with some MPC
configurations you'll define it in a
configurations you'll define it in a

configurations you'll define it in a
JSON blob like this and you can see you
JSON blob like this and you can see you

JSON blob like this and you can see you
can just supply different arguments but
can just supply different arguments but

can just supply different arguments but
that could alternatively be the browser
that could alternatively be the browser

that could alternatively be the browser
that you want. So two I want to call out
that you want. So two I want to call out

that you want. So two I want to call out
are the browser that you're using also a
are the browser that you're using also a

are the browser that you're using also a
device if you want to emulate for
device if you want to emulate for

device if you want to emulate for
example the iPhone 15. And then another
example the iPhone 15. And then another

example the iPhone 15. And then another
one that's really interesting is being
one that's really interesting is being

one that's really interesting is being
able to run in headless or headed mode.
able to run in headless or headed mode.

able to run in headless or headed mode.
I usually run it just in the default
I usually run it just in the default

I usually run it just in the default
which is headed. So I can see it up and
which is headed. So I can see it up and

which is headed. So I can see it up and
and uh navigating the browser. You can
and uh navigating the browser. You can

and uh navigating the browser. You can
easily grab in the installation section
easily grab in the installation section

easily grab in the installation section
for cloud code just this one line here
for cloud code just this one line here

for cloud code just this one line here
in order to install the MCP. I can just
in order to install the MCP. I can just

in order to install the MCP. I can just
run this sample command. Uh in this case
run this sample command. Uh in this case

run this sample command. Uh in this case
I've already got playright installed of
I've already got playright installed of

I've already got playright installed of
course. So I'll go ahead and fire up
course. So I'll go ahead and fire up

course. So I'll go ahead and fire up
claude. Then now if I type for/mcp,
claude. Then now if I type for/mcp,

claude. Then now if I type for/mcp,
you can see that I've got it installed
you can see that I've got it installed

you can see that I've got it installed
here along with a couple other MCPS.
here along with a couple other MCPS.

here along with a couple other MCPS.
This is just my personal website uh for
This is just my personal website uh for

This is just my personal website uh for
demonstration purposes. So I don't have
demonstration purposes. So I don't have

demonstration purposes. So I don't have
I just have a couple MCP options here.
I just have a couple MCP options here.

I just have a couple MCP options here.
Here you can see exactly what
Here you can see exactly what

Here you can see exactly what
configuration it's using and arguments
configuration it's using and arguments

configuration it's using and arguments
that it's applying. And you can also
that it's applying. And you can also

that it's applying. And you can also
view the tools which show the many
view the tools which show the many

view the tools which show the many
different tools that it gives Cloud Code
different tools that it gives Cloud Code

different tools that it gives Cloud Code
access to. There is a vision mode for
access to. There is a vision mode for

access to. There is a vision mode for
playright which allows it to use
playright which allows it to use

playright which allows it to use
coordinate based operations instead of
coordinate based operations instead of

coordinate based operations instead of
the default which is the accessibility
the default which is the accessibility

the default which is the accessibility
map which is basically just a way to
map which is basically just a way to

map which is basically just a way to
navigate the different elements within a
navigate the different elements within a

navigate the different elements within a
website which is a lot faster and easier
website which is a lot faster and easier

website which is a lot faster and easier
but for some applications it can be
but for some applications it can be

but for some applications it can be
better to use vision mode. So that's
better to use vision mode. So that's

better to use vision mode. So that's
another argument you might want to
another argument you might want to

another argument you might want to
consider using. I know these config
consider using. I know these config

consider using. I know these config
files like a cursor rules or cloudmd can
files like a cursor rules or cloudmd can

files like a cursor rules or cloudmd can
sound pretty boring when you first think
sound pretty boring when you first think

sound pretty boring when you first think
about it. But in this case, if you watch
about it. But in this case, if you watch

about it. But in this case, if you watch
Enthropics different YouTube videos or
Enthropics different YouTube videos or

Enthropics different YouTube videos or
if you read through all their
if you read through all their

if you read through all their
documentation and guides, they really
documentation and guides, they really

documentation and guides, they really
think about these cloudm files as being
think about these cloudm files as being

think about these cloudm files as being
memory for the agents. So everything you
memory for the agents. So everything you

memory for the agents. So everything you
write here is basically put right after
write here is basically put right after

write here is basically put right after
the system prompt when you start up any
the system prompt when you start up any

the system prompt when you start up any
cloud code session. So any details that
cloud code session. So any details that

cloud code session. So any details that
you want to be brought into every single
you want to be brought into every single

you want to be brought into every single
session that you're using, shortcuts
session that you're using, shortcuts

session that you're using, shortcuts
that prevent cloud code from having to
that prevent cloud code from having to

that prevent cloud code from having to
go grip around and grab a bunch of
go grip around and grab a bunch of

go grip around and grab a bunch of
context or any best practice or rules
context or any best practice or rules

context or any best practice or rules
that you want it to follow like a style
that you want it to follow like a style

that you want it to follow like a style
guide or get styles. Uh so like how do
guide or get styles. Uh so like how do

guide or get styles. Uh so like how do
you want commits and branches and PR
you want commits and branches and PR

you want commits and branches and PR
structured all that should live in
structured all that should live in

structured all that should live in
something like this so that it's pulled
something like this so that it's pulled

something like this so that it's pulled
in automatically. And what that means is
in automatically. And what that means is

in automatically. And what that means is
just one less thing. It's essentially an
just one less thing. It's essentially an

just one less thing. It's essentially an
automation. one less thing that you have
automation. one less thing that you have

automation. one less thing that you have
to worry about every time you're using
to worry about every time you're using

to worry about every time you're using
cloud code that just abstracts it away
cloud code that just abstracts it away

cloud code that just abstracts it away
from your mind and it's also portable so
from your mind and it's also portable so

from your mind and it's also portable so
other people on your team can take that
other people on your team can take that

other people on your team can take that
exact same cloud config file and move it
exact same cloud config file and move it

exact same cloud config file and move it
around. So with that one of the biggest
around. So with that one of the biggest

around. So with that one of the biggest
lifts when it comes to playright in
lifts when it comes to playright in

lifts when it comes to playright in
terms of getting that agentic loop that
terms of getting that agentic loop that

terms of getting that agentic loop that
keeps moving is to add a configuration
keeps moving is to add a configuration

keeps moving is to add a configuration
down here that speaks to that. So I've
down here that speaks to that. So I've

down here that speaks to that. So I've
got this visual development section and
got this visual development section and

got this visual development section and
in there I've got a design principles
in there I've got a design principles

in there I've got a design principles
spot here. This basically just points
spot here. This basically just points

spot here. This basically just points
Claude to a few different documents that
Claude to a few different documents that

Claude to a few different documents that
I provided in this context folder. I'm a
I provided in this context folder. I'm a

I provided in this context folder. I'm a
big fan of doing this where I'll just
big fan of doing this where I'll just

big fan of doing this where I'll just
drop a bunch of context in this folder.
drop a bunch of context in this folder.

drop a bunch of context in this folder.
So, in my case, it's like uh for a
So, in my case, it's like uh for a

So, in my case, it's like uh for a
personal website summary of my LinkedIn
personal website summary of my LinkedIn

personal website summary of my LinkedIn
uh kind of my life story listed out a
uh kind of my life story listed out a

uh kind of my life story listed out a
bit, but also design principles and a
bit, but also design principles and a

bit, but also design principles and a
style guide that I want Claude Code to
style guide that I want Claude Code to

style guide that I want Claude Code to
follow. So, if I open up the design
follow. So, if I open up the design

follow. So, if I open up the design
principles file, you can see this is
principles file, you can see this is

principles file, you can see this is
just a long list of a bunch of different
just a long list of a bunch of different

just a long list of a bunch of different
principles I want Claude Code to follow.
principles I want Claude Code to follow.

principles I want Claude Code to follow.
In this case, I actually used Gemini
In this case, I actually used Gemini

In this case, I actually used Gemini
deep research on all the best design
deep research on all the best design

deep research on all the best design
principles for a specific aesthetic that
principles for a specific aesthetic that

principles for a specific aesthetic that
I like a lot. I had it make that into a
I like a lot. I had it make that into a

I like a lot. I had it make that into a
much more concise markdown file. Went
much more concise markdown file. Went

much more concise markdown file. Went
through, edited a few things, and then I
through, edited a few things, and then I

through, edited a few things, and then I
use that as my design principles MD
use that as my design principles MD

use that as my design principles MD
file. I do find that doing the deep
file. I do find that doing the deep

file. I do find that doing the deep
research approach for SEO best practices
research approach for SEO best practices

research approach for SEO best practices
or design best practices or back-end
or design best practices or back-end

or design best practices or back-end
architectural principles is an amazing
architectural principles is an amazing

architectural principles is an amazing
way to kickstart what you're working on,
way to kickstart what you're working on,

way to kickstart what you're working on,
especially if it's a little bit out of
especially if it's a little bit out of

especially if it's a little bit out of
your domain of expertise. An incredible
your domain of expertise. An incredible

your domain of expertise. An incredible
way to use just this massive amount of
way to use just this massive amount of

way to use just this massive amount of
knowledge and to make it actionable
knowledge and to make it actionable

knowledge and to make it actionable
going from collecting that knowledge in
going from collecting that knowledge in

going from collecting that knowledge in
a deep research platform into an
a deep research platform into an

a deep research platform into an
actionable thing that an agent like
actionable thing that an agent like

actionable thing that an agent like
Claude Code can take and run with. And
Claude Code can take and run with. And

Claude Code can take and run with. And
then if I go down here, this is where I
then if I go down here, this is where I

then if I go down here, this is where I
lay out specifically how I want Claude
lay out specifically how I want Claude

lay out specifically how I want Claude
Code to use the Playright browser on a
Code to use the Playright browser on a

Code to use the Playright browser on a
kind of a normal day-to-day level.
kind of a normal day-to-day level.

kind of a normal day-to-day level.
Whenever you're doing anything that
Whenever you're doing anything that

Whenever you're doing anything that
involves the front end, I want it to go
involves the front end, I want it to go

involves the front end, I want it to go
ahead and navigate to the pages that
ahead and navigate to the pages that

ahead and navigate to the pages that
were impacted by those front-end changes
were impacted by those front-end changes

were impacted by those front-end changes
and then reference this verification
and then reference this verification

and then reference this verification
step of the uh orchestration framework
step of the uh orchestration framework

step of the uh orchestration framework
by using these markdown documents and
by using these markdown documents and

by using these markdown documents and
then look for any acceptance criteria
then look for any acceptance criteria

then look for any acceptance criteria
that may have been laid out in the
that may have been laid out in the

that may have been laid out in the
prompt that I had written. So Cloud Code
prompt that I had written. So Cloud Code

prompt that I had written. So Cloud Code
can look and see what exactly I
can look and see what exactly I

can look and see what exactly I
supplied. So again, this could be a UI
supplied. So again, this could be a UI

supplied. So again, this could be a UI
mockup. This could be just some text and
mockup. This could be just some text and

mockup. This could be just some text and
other instructions that I gave it. A
other instructions that I gave it. A

other instructions that I gave it. A
Figma MCP. There's all kinds of
Figma MCP. There's all kinds of

Figma MCP. There's all kinds of
acceptance criteria that could have been
acceptance criteria that could have been

acceptance criteria that could have been
brought into the prompt. And then I want
brought into the prompt. And then I want

brought into the prompt. And then I want
it to just pull up the normal browser
it to just pull up the normal browser

it to just pull up the normal browser
size that I've got here for the desktop
size that I've got here for the desktop

size that I've got here for the desktop
viewport. You could also have this be a
viewport. You could also have this be a

viewport. You could also have this be a
mobile or tablet size or include all
mobile or tablet size or include all

mobile or tablet size or include all
three of them, but just for the sake of
three of them, but just for the sake of

three of them, but just for the sake of
time, I just wanted to quickly open up
time, I just wanted to quickly open up

time, I just wanted to quickly open up
the window and and look. And then of
the window and and look. And then of

the window and and look. And then of
course I also want to check for any
course I also want to check for any

course I also want to check for any
console errors because that's a huge
console errors because that's a huge

console errors because that's a huge
timesaver. In addition to that, I want
timesaver. In addition to that, I want

timesaver. In addition to that, I want
it to sometimes go into a comprehensive
it to sometimes go into a comprehensive

it to sometimes go into a comprehensive
design review. So this is where it will
design review. So this is where it will

design review. So this is where it will
use this sub agent that I created that
use this sub agent that I created that

use this sub agent that I created that
I'll mention in a second here in order
I'll mention in a second here in order

I'll mention in a second here in order
to go ahead and do a much deeper dive
to go ahead and do a much deeper dive

to go ahead and do a much deeper dive
than just this quick test that I showed
than just this quick test that I showed

than just this quick test that I showed
above. If I'm creating a PR, I want it
above. If I'm creating a PR, I want it

above. If I'm creating a PR, I want it
to go ahead and do that or any very
to go ahead and do that or any very

to go ahead and do that or any very
significant UIUX refactors and a few
significant UIUX refactors and a few

significant UIUX refactors and a few
other key details that I want it to
other key details that I want it to

other key details that I want it to
remember just to make sure that it
remember just to make sure that it

remember just to make sure that it
doesn't try to bring in any new
doesn't try to bring in any new

doesn't try to bring in any new
frameworks or libraries or anything. One
frameworks or libraries or anything. One

frameworks or libraries or anything. One
powerful trick I want to call out here,
powerful trick I want to call out here,

powerful trick I want to call out here,
this is a huge tip and I've learned so
this is a huge tip and I've learned so

this is a huge tip and I've learned so
much by doing this is being able to go
much by doing this is being able to go

much by doing this is being able to go
reference the examples that Enthropic
reference the examples that Enthropic

reference the examples that Enthropic
gives when it comes to how to configure
gives when it comes to how to configure

gives when it comes to how to configure
any sort of document, but especially
any sort of document, but especially

any sort of document, but especially
things like sub aents, the cloud MD
things like sub aents, the cloud MD

things like sub aents, the cloud MD
file, slashcomands, and actions that run
file, slashcomands, and actions that run

file, slashcomands, and actions that run
in GitHub, for example. So, the first
in GitHub, for example. So, the first

in GitHub, for example. So, the first
thing I just want to point out is their
thing I just want to point out is their

thing I just want to point out is their
GitHub. They've got a lot of great stuff
GitHub. They've got a lot of great stuff

GitHub. They've got a lot of great stuff
in here. some actual courses, uh the
in here. some actual courses, uh the

in here. some actual courses, uh the
cookbook, which is a lot of different
cookbook, which is a lot of different

cookbook, which is a lot of different
examples of interesting ways to use
examples of interesting ways to use

examples of interesting ways to use
claude, and then also the claude code
claude, and then also the claude code

claude, and then also the claude code
security review repo. It's a slash
security review repo. It's a slash

security review repo. It's a slash
command. So, just as a reminder,
command. So, just as a reminder,

command. So, just as a reminder,
whenever you type forward slash, it's
whenever you type forward slash, it's

whenever you type forward slash, it's
it's these commands that come up. And
it's these commands that come up. And

it's these commands that come up. And
I've got a few custom ones that I built
I've got a few custom ones that I built

I've got a few custom ones that I built
in accordance with this convention where
in accordance with this convention where

in accordance with this convention where
you have acloud folder and then in there
you have acloud folder and then in there

you have acloud folder and then in there
you've got a commands folder and then
you've got a commands folder and then

you've got a commands folder and then
you can create these markdown files. So,
you can create these markdown files. So,

you can create these markdown files. So,
what I'll do is I'll just look at what
what I'll do is I'll just look at what

what I'll do is I'll just look at what
is Anthropic doing? Like, how are they
is Anthropic doing? Like, how are they

is Anthropic doing? Like, how are they
structuring these commands or these sub
structuring these commands or these sub

structuring these commands or these sub
agents? And there's a lot of cool stuff
agents? And there's a lot of cool stuff

agents? And there's a lot of cool stuff
in here. For example, in this case, this
in here. For example, in this case, this

in here. For example, in this case, this
ability to basically just take your
ability to basically just take your

ability to basically just take your
working or work in progress files that
working or work in progress files that

working or work in progress files that
are not in a PR yet. So, this was a
are not in a PR yet. So, this was a

are not in a PR yet. So, this was a
great little workflow I borrowed and
great little workflow I borrowed and

great little workflow I borrowed and
just looking at how they structure
just looking at how they structure

just looking at how they structure
things, how they use capital, all caps
things, how they use capital, all caps

things, how they use capital, all caps
in certain cases. Overall, it's it's
in certain cases. Overall, it's it's

in certain cases. Overall, it's it's
great to learn from exactly how they're
great to learn from exactly how they're

great to learn from exactly how they're
building things. Another guide I would
building things. Another guide I would

building things. Another guide I would
highly recommend, I've recommended this
highly recommend, I've recommended this

highly recommend, I've recommended this
to so many people, is the cloud code
to so many people, is the cloud code

to so many people, is the cloud code
best practices for agentic coding guide.
best practices for agentic coding guide.

best practices for agentic coding guide.
This is does a great job especially for
This is does a great job especially for

This is does a great job especially for
things like claude MD of breaking down
things like claude MD of breaking down

things like claude MD of breaking down
exactly how to structure things and the
exactly how to structure things and the

exactly how to structure things and the
methodology behind it all. And then I
methodology behind it all. And then I

methodology behind it all. And then I
would also recommend the documentation.
would also recommend the documentation.

would also recommend the documentation.
It's very well put together. A lot of
It's very well put together. A lot of

It's very well put together. A lot of
great examples specifically for cloud
great examples specifically for cloud

great examples specifically for cloud
code here. All right, so with that I'll
code here. All right, so with that I'll

code here. All right, so with that I'll
go ahead and show you mycloud directory.
go ahead and show you mycloud directory.

go ahead and show you mycloud directory.
Then we've got an agents directory and a
Then we've got an agents directory and a

Then we've got an agents directory and a
commands directory. So in agents, you
commands directory. So in agents, you

commands directory. So in agents, you
can see I've got the design reviewer.
can see I've got the design reviewer.

can see I've got the design reviewer.
Just as a quick example, in order to
Just as a quick example, in order to

Just as a quick example, in order to
invoke this, I'll just do at@ agent
invoke this, I'll just do at@ agent

invoke this, I'll just do at@ agent
design review. I could give it like a PR
design review. I could give it like a PR

design review. I could give it like a PR
or more instructions like please review
or more instructions like please review

or more instructions like please review
the last three commits that I've made.
the last three commits that I've made.

the last three commits that I've made.
And that's going to go ahead and kick
And that's going to go ahead and kick

And that's going to go ahead and kick
off the agent design reviewer. You can
off the agent design reviewer. You can

off the agent design reviewer. You can
see here it's pretty intelligent. It's
see here it's pretty intelligent. It's

see here it's pretty intelligent. It's
going ahead and using Git to just grab
going ahead and using Git to just grab

going ahead and using Git to just grab
the last three commits and it's going to
the last three commits and it's going to

the last three commits and it's going to
go ahead and launch the agent in order
go ahead and launch the agent in order

go ahead and launch the agent in order
to follow the exact workflow that I laid
to follow the exact workflow that I laid

to follow the exact workflow that I laid
out there. So, while it's running, I'm
out there. So, while it's running, I'm

out there. So, while it's running, I'm
going to go ahead and show you that
going to go ahead and show you that

going to go ahead and show you that
workflow. So, I've got a name, the
workflow. So, I've got a name, the

workflow. So, I've got a name, the
description of what it's doing. You can
description of what it's doing. You can

description of what it's doing. You can
see it's a design review agent that is
see it's a design review agent that is

see it's a design review agent that is
able to look at pull requests or general
able to look at pull requests or general

able to look at pull requests or general
UI changes and then I give it specific
UI changes and then I give it specific

UI changes and then I give it specific
access to different tools. Uh so I'm
access to different tools. Uh so I'm

access to different tools. Uh so I'm
able to explicitly ask it to use just
able to explicitly ask it to use just

able to explicitly ask it to use just
basically playright context 7 which is
basically playright context 7 which is

basically playright context 7 which is
for documentation and really great MCP
for documentation and really great MCP

for documentation and really great MCP
as well and then also the built-in uh
as well and then also the built-in uh

as well and then also the built-in uh
tools that you typically give an agent.
tools that you typically give an agent.

tools that you typically give an agent.
I'm having it use sonnet for this kind
I'm having it use sonnet for this kind

I'm having it use sonnet for this kind
of work. I feel like I haven't noticed a
of work. I feel like I haven't noticed a

of work. I feel like I haven't noticed a
huge difference or any difference
huge difference or any difference

huge difference or any difference
between sonnet and opus and of course
between sonnet and opus and of course

between sonnet and opus and of course
sonnet's way cheaper. And then I just
sonnet's way cheaper. And then I just

sonnet's way cheaper. And then I just
give it this description of what I'm
give it this description of what I'm

give it this description of what I'm
asking it to do. So in this case I'm
asking it to do. So in this case I'm

asking it to do. So in this case I'm
channeling trying to get to the areas
channeling trying to get to the areas

channeling trying to get to the areas
within its its circuits or it's its
within its its circuits or it's its

within its its circuits or it's its
neural net that are to do with design
neural net that are to do with design

neural net that are to do with design
reviews and uh principal level
reviews and uh principal level

reviews and uh principal level
designers. So I'll usually give it
designers. So I'll usually give it

designers. So I'll usually give it
persona to try to channel that and then
persona to try to channel that and then

persona to try to channel that and then
a few examples. So stripe airb uh some
a few examples. So stripe airb uh some

a few examples. So stripe airb uh some
some cliche classics in Silicon Valley
some cliche classics in Silicon Valley

some cliche classics in Silicon Valley
and then I give it a core methodology
and then I give it a core methodology

and then I give it a core methodology
and mission to go on here for reviewing.
and mission to go on here for reviewing.

and mission to go on here for reviewing.
And then I give it a step-by-step guide
And then I give it a step-by-step guide

And then I give it a step-by-step guide
of uh exactly how to go about doing a
of uh exactly how to go about doing a

of uh exactly how to go about doing a
robust design review including looking
robust design review including looking

robust design review including looking
for accessibility, code health or
for accessibility, code health or

for accessibility, code health or
robustness. So you can see it goes
robustness. So you can see it goes

robustness. So you can see it goes
through each of these steps and then I
through each of these steps and then I

through each of these steps and then I
also give it a format for how exactly I
also give it a format for how exactly I

also give it a format for how exactly I
want the report to look and I just ask
want the report to look and I just ask

want the report to look and I just ask
it not to do much more than that. So you
it not to do much more than that. So you

it not to do much more than that. So you
can see um the structure here and then
can see um the structure here and then

can see um the structure here and then
also the exact uh process for navigating
also the exact uh process for navigating

also the exact uh process for navigating
like which tools to use and when. In
like which tools to use and when. In

like which tools to use and when. In
order to come up with this, I actually
order to come up with this, I actually

order to come up with this, I actually
used another deep research report. I had
used another deep research report. I had

used another deep research report. I had
it go out and basically collect the best
it go out and basically collect the best

it go out and basically collect the best
design review practices from essentially
design review practices from essentially

design review practices from essentially
all of the internet and had it all
all of the internet and had it all

all of the internet and had it all
filtered through Claude Opus in this
filtered through Claude Opus in this

filtered through Claude Opus in this
case to shape it up using the agent
case to shape it up using the agent

case to shape it up using the agent
creation tool in Claude code in addition
creation tool in Claude code in addition

creation tool in Claude code in addition
to referencing different examples that
to referencing different examples that

to referencing different examples that
Enthropic has put in their GitHub repos.
Enthropic has put in their GitHub repos.

Enthropic has put in their GitHub repos.
So, just to show that you can go and
So, just to show that you can go and

So, just to show that you can go and
open up by typing in agents,
open up by typing in agents,

open up by typing in agents,
and that will open this new window that
and that will open this new window that

and that will open this new window that
allows you to edit different agents or
allows you to edit different agents or

allows you to edit different agents or
create a new one. So, I'll start off by
create a new one. So, I'll start off by

create a new one. So, I'll start off by
just creating a new agent. I usually
just creating a new agent. I usually

just creating a new agent. I usually
just do the current project. I will
just do the current project. I will

just do the current project. I will
almost always do the generate with
almost always do the generate with

almost always do the generate with
Claude. I took the deep research
Claude. I took the deep research

Claude. I took the deep research
summary. I fed all that into here along
summary. I fed all that into here along

summary. I fed all that into here along
with like a paragraph descriptor of
with like a paragraph descriptor of

with like a paragraph descriptor of
exactly what I want the agent to do. And
exactly what I want the agent to do. And

exactly what I want the agent to do. And
then I let Claude's um built-in process
then I let Claude's um built-in process

then I let Claude's um built-in process
here go ahead and create the initial
here go ahead and create the initial

here go ahead and create the initial
draft of the agent and then I took that
draft of the agent and then I took that

draft of the agent and then I took that
draft which was just a markdown file in
draft which was just a markdown file in

draft which was just a markdown file in
the Claude agents directory. But then
the Claude agents directory. But then

the Claude agents directory. But then
what I did is I asked Claude code to go
what I did is I asked Claude code to go

what I did is I asked Claude code to go
ahead and take the documentation from
ahead and take the documentation from

ahead and take the documentation from
Anthropics website and to review and
Anthropics website and to review and

Anthropics website and to review and
edit the agent markdown file in
edit the agent markdown file in

edit the agent markdown file in
accordance to what the best practices
accordance to what the best practices

accordance to what the best practices
lay out and those examples of other ones
lay out and those examples of other ones

lay out and those examples of other ones
that I had to work with in order to
that I had to work with in order to

that I had to work with in order to
really get a concise greatlooking
really get a concise greatlooking

really get a concise greatlooking
document. So I did that exact flow for
document. So I did that exact flow for

document. So I did that exact flow for
the slash commands, the agent as I just
the slash commands, the agent as I just

the slash commands, the agent as I just
mentioned, and my uh cloud.md file. And
mentioned, and my uh cloud.md file. And

mentioned, and my uh cloud.md file. And
I feel like that really helps you get
I feel like that really helps you get

I feel like that really helps you get
concise, actionable workflows. By the
concise, actionable workflows. By the

concise, actionable workflows. By the
way, if you are finding value in this
way, if you are finding value in this

way, if you are finding value in this
YouTube video, it means a ton if you
YouTube video, it means a ton if you

YouTube video, it means a ton if you
would give it a like and subscribe if
would give it a like and subscribe if

would give it a like and subscribe if
you're interested in learning these new
you're interested in learning these new

you're interested in learning these new
AI native workflows. And as a thank you,
AI native workflows. And as a thank you,

AI native workflows. And as a thank you,
I will include in the description links
I will include in the description links

I will include in the description links
to all of these files so that you can
to all of these files so that you can

to all of these files so that you can
download them and reference them and use
download them and reference them and use

download them and reference them and use
them as you wish. All right, so let's go
them as you wish. All right, so let's go

them as you wish. All right, so let's go
ahead and look at our sub agent. Could
ahead and look at our sub agent. Could

ahead and look at our sub agent. Could
you please look at the homepage on my
you please look at the homepage on my

you please look at the homepage on my
website, the main page, and give me a
website, the main page, and give me a

website, the main page, and give me a
detailed review as outlined in the agent
detailed review as outlined in the agent

detailed review as outlined in the agent
review configuration?



So, as you can see, that wasn't the best
So, as you can see, that wasn't the best

So, as you can see, that wasn't the best
articulated prompt, but it's enough to
articulated prompt, but it's enough to

articulated prompt, but it's enough to
get the agent to go ahead and
get the agent to go ahead and

get the agent to go ahead and
proactively work. I've got here a window
proactively work. I've got here a window

proactively work. I've got here a window
that was opened up, so it's identifying
that was opened up, so it's identifying

that was opened up, so it's identifying
that we have the port in use. Okay,
that we have the port in use. Okay,

that we have the port in use. Okay,
great. So, it went ahead and loaded my
great. So, it went ahead and loaded my

great. So, it went ahead and loaded my
personal website. Here it is adjusting
personal website. Here it is adjusting

personal website. Here it is adjusting
the screen size and it's grabbing
the screen size and it's grabbing

the screen size and it's grabbing
screenshots in order to collect some UI
screenshots in order to collect some UI

screenshots in order to collect some UI
context that it can bring back to see
context that it can bring back to see

context that it can bring back to see
what it needs to fix. It's pretty
what it needs to fix. It's pretty

what it needs to fix. It's pretty
surreal watching these work and your
surreal watching these work and your

surreal watching these work and your
mind just starts to go a little wild
mind just starts to go a little wild

mind just starts to go a little wild
thinking of all the applications that
thinking of all the applications that

thinking of all the applications that
you could use for this to automate
you could use for this to automate

you could use for this to automate
different parts of your workflow. I'm
different parts of your workflow. I'm

different parts of your workflow. I'm
just thinking of all the time I spend
just thinking of all the time I spend

just thinking of all the time I spend
doing mobile responsive testing and also
doing mobile responsive testing and also

doing mobile responsive testing and also
the times I forget to do it in uh that
the times I forget to do it in uh that

the times I forget to do it in uh that
ends up in a bug where this can just
ends up in a bug where this can just

ends up in a bug where this can just
solve that because Claude can come back
solve that because Claude can come back

solve that because Claude can come back
to us with a fully baked version. So in
to us with a fully baked version. So in

to us with a fully baked version. So in
this case it's asking if it wants to go
this case it's asking if it wants to go

this case it's asking if it wants to go
ahead and try submitting the email
ahead and try submitting the email

ahead and try submitting the email
signup form that I have on my website.
signup form that I have on my website.

signup form that I have on my website.
So I'll go ahead and say yeah. You can
So I'll go ahead and say yeah. You can

So I'll go ahead and say yeah. You can
see it went ahead and typed in uh and
see it went ahead and typed in uh and

see it went ahead and typed in uh and
subscribe to my newsletter just to get a
subscribe to my newsletter just to get a

subscribe to my newsletter just to get a
sense of uh the context there for what
sense of uh the context there for what

sense of uh the context there for what
it looks like which is just fantastic.
it looks like which is just fantastic.

it looks like which is just fantastic.
Also, every time I click yes and don't
Also, every time I click yes and don't

Also, every time I click yes and don't
ask me again, it will uh save that into
ask me again, it will uh save that into

ask me again, it will uh save that into
my local file so that cloud code knows
my local file so that cloud code knows

my local file so that cloud code knows
it can just go ahead and do these
it can just go ahead and do these

it can just go ahead and do these
things. Another cool element with these
things. Another cool element with these

things. Another cool element with these
is you can have the sub aents call other
is you can have the sub aents call other

is you can have the sub aents call other
sub aents which is really helpful when
sub aents which is really helpful when

sub aents which is really helpful when
it comes to creating a network of almost
it comes to creating a network of almost

it comes to creating a network of almost
like conditional logic. So you could
like conditional logic. So you could

like conditional logic. So you could
have one design reviewer invoke like a
have one design reviewer invoke like a

have one design reviewer invoke like a
mobile designer for example and uh other
mobile designer for example and uh other

mobile designer for example and uh other
reviewers and then in aggregate all of
reviewers and then in aggregate all of

reviewers and then in aggregate all of
these have their own context and they
these have their own context and they

these have their own context and they
use their own uh models. You can specify
use their own uh models. You can specify

use their own uh models. You can specify
if it's sonnet or opus or or whatever
if it's sonnet or opus or or whatever

if it's sonnet or opus or or whatever
model you want to use and because of
model you want to use and because of

model you want to use and because of
that you don't cloud the main context of
that you don't cloud the main context of

that you don't cloud the main context of
your your main thread in cloud code. So
your your main thread in cloud code. So

your your main thread in cloud code. So
you can have a bunch of sub aents go do
you can have a bunch of sub aents go do

you can have a bunch of sub aents go do
a bunch of work and summarize and bring
a bunch of work and summarize and bring

a bunch of work and summarize and bring
back the executive report. for example,
back the executive report. for example,

back the executive report. for example,
a list of to-dos that need to be
a list of to-dos that need to be

a list of to-dos that need to be
changed, or in this case, a design
changed, or in this case, a design

changed, or in this case, a design
review report. If you look over here,
review report. If you look over here,

review report. If you look over here,
we've got the official report back from
we've got the official report back from

we've got the official report back from
the design review agent. And it's got
the design review agent. And it's got

the design review agent. And it's got
some uh some constructive feedback, an A
some uh some constructive feedback, an A

some uh some constructive feedback, an A
minus. I'll uh I'll take it. Uh I don't
minus. I'll uh I'll take it. Uh I don't

minus. I'll uh I'll take it. Uh I don't
claim to be an amazing designer. It's
claim to be an amazing designer. It's

claim to be an amazing designer. It's
got here a few strengths that it lists
got here a few strengths that it lists

got here a few strengths that it lists
out, some high priority issues to work
out, some high priority issues to work

out, some high priority issues to work
on, multiple image preload warnings
on, multiple image preload warnings

on, multiple image preload warnings
affecting performance. Okay, that's
affecting performance. Okay, that's

affecting performance. Okay, that's
helpful to know. Third party script air
helpful to know. Third party script air

helpful to know. Third party script air
from ptxcloud.net net and misconfigured
from ptxcloud.net net and misconfigured

from ptxcloud.net net and misconfigured
metatag more subjective things too like
metatag more subjective things too like

metatag more subjective things too like
newsletter iframe needs a better
newsletter iframe needs a better

newsletter iframe needs a better
integration is a great example of where
integration is a great example of where

integration is a great example of where
it's using the vision side of its neural
it's using the vision side of its neural

it's using the vision side of its neural
net now of course this is a really basic
net now of course this is a really basic

net now of course this is a really basic
example typically we're using this on
example typically we're using this on

example typically we're using this on
much more meaningful or like new
much more meaningful or like new

much more meaningful or like new
development you can imagine how getting
development you can imagine how getting

development you can imagine how getting
this feedback and then having the model
this feedback and then having the model

this feedback and then having the model
actually address the feedback creating
actually address the feedback creating

actually address the feedback creating
that iterative loop is really powerful
that iterative loop is really powerful

that iterative loop is really powerful
automatically addressing any errors or
automatically addressing any errors or

automatically addressing any errors or
issues is helpful but in this case what
issues is helpful but in this case what

issues is helpful but in this case what
I typically do is I would just invoke it
I typically do is I would just invoke it

I typically do is I would just invoke it
uh saying like hey could you please
uh saying like hey could you please

uh saying like hey could you please
address the above issues the you know
address the above issues the you know

address the above issues the you know
everything within high priority or maybe
everything within high priority or maybe

everything within high priority or maybe
I'd outline you know just a couple
I'd outline you know just a couple

I'd outline you know just a couple
specifics that I want here but you can
specifics that I want here but you can

specifics that I want here but you can
also chain these in different loops as I
also chain these in different loops as I

also chain these in different loops as I
mentioned before with the sub agents
mentioned before with the sub agents

mentioned before with the sub agents
that can call each other very powerful
that can call each other very powerful

that can call each other very powerful
way to iterate agentically and
way to iterate agentically and

way to iterate agentically and
automatically to a much better end
automatically to a much better end

automatically to a much better end
result than what you get on just a first
result than what you get on just a first

result than what you get on just a first
pull of cloud code one extra bonus I'll
pull of cloud code one extra bonus I'll

pull of cloud code one extra bonus I'll
throw in for you is this idea of git
throw in for you is this idea of git

throw in for you is this idea of git
work trees. So a big concept within
work trees. So a big concept within

work trees. So a big concept within
using cloud code that I found to be an
using cloud code that I found to be an

using cloud code that I found to be an
extremely big unlock is doing multiple
extremely big unlock is doing multiple

extremely big unlock is doing multiple
things in parallel. You can work on
things in parallel. You can work on

things in parallel. You can work on
different projects that don't interact
different projects that don't interact

different projects that don't interact
with each other. That's nice. But I
with each other. That's nice. But I

with each other. That's nice. But I
think another strategy that has been
think another strategy that has been

think another strategy that has been
really helpful is trying to change my
really helpful is trying to change my

really helpful is trying to change my
perspective to have much more of an
perspective to have much more of an

perspective to have much more of an
abundance mindset. Not feeling like I'm
abundance mindset. Not feeling like I'm

abundance mindset. Not feeling like I'm
wasting Claude's outputs by scrapping
wasting Claude's outputs by scrapping

wasting Claude's outputs by scrapping
what it comes up with. Because these
what it comes up with. Because these

what it comes up with. Because these
models are stochastic in nature, you get
models are stochastic in nature, you get

models are stochastic in nature, you get
varied outputs upon each poll or each
varied outputs upon each poll or each

varied outputs upon each poll or each
time you prompt it. That can be an issue
time you prompt it. That can be an issue

time you prompt it. That can be an issue
or you can use that in your favor by
or you can use that in your favor by

or you can use that in your favor by
running multiple of these at the same
running multiple of these at the same

running multiple of these at the same
time. In order to do that, what I
time. In order to do that, what I

time. In order to do that, what I
typically will do is I will use git work
typically will do is I will use git work

typically will do is I will use git work
trees. So in this case, I've got another
trees. So in this case, I've got another

trees. So in this case, I've got another
repository. If I go back here to Patrick
repository. If I go back here to Patrick

repository. If I go back here to Patrick
to the root, I've got a second one which
to the root, I've got a second one which

to the root, I've got a second one which
is two. And that is using a git work
is two. And that is using a git work

is two. And that is using a git work
tree which is a way to very easily set
tree which is a way to very easily set

tree which is a way to very easily set
up essentially a copy of your
up essentially a copy of your

up essentially a copy of your
repository. So you can create multiple
repository. So you can create multiple

repository. So you can create multiple
work trees and it's almost like you have
work trees and it's almost like you have

work trees and it's almost like you have
three separate versions of your
three separate versions of your

three separate versions of your
repository but it's all within one.git
repository but it's all within one.git

repository but it's all within one.git
folder in your main repo and each one
folder in your main repo and each one

folder in your main repo and each one
has its own branch. So in my case I've
has its own branch. So in my case I've

has its own branch. So in my case I've
got Patrick Ellis IO2. I could kick off
got Patrick Ellis IO2. I could kick off

got Patrick Ellis IO2. I could kick off
a cloud code in both of them and have
a cloud code in both of them and have

a cloud code in both of them and have
them both iterate on some front-end
them both iterate on some front-end

them both iterate on some front-end
changes and look at the two to kind of
changes and look at the two to kind of

changes and look at the two to kind of
AB contrast which one I think looks the
AB contrast which one I think looks the

AB contrast which one I think looks the
best and go from there. Typically, I'll
best and go from there. Typically, I'll

best and go from there. Typically, I'll
do this with like three different
do this with like three different

do this with like three different
prompts if I want to or the same prompt
prompts if I want to or the same prompt

prompts if I want to or the same prompt
but kicked off in three different work
but kicked off in three different work

but kicked off in three different work
trees in order to help get a variety of
trees in order to help get a variety of

trees in order to help get a variety of
outputs. One of my friends took this to
outputs. One of my friends took this to

outputs. One of my friends took this to
another level. it will actually kick off
another level. it will actually kick off

another level. it will actually kick off
three different processes running in
three different processes running in

three different processes running in
GitHub workers using headless cloud
GitHub workers using headless cloud

GitHub workers using headless cloud
codes that will come up with three
codes that will come up with three

codes that will come up with three
different outputs and then he'll use
different outputs and then he'll use

different outputs and then he'll use
another model another opus to judge
another model another opus to judge

another model another opus to judge
which of the three is the best. Another
which of the three is the best. Another

which of the three is the best. Another
thing that I find is really powerful
thing that I find is really powerful

thing that I find is really powerful
with these workflows is the ability to
with these workflows is the ability to

with these workflows is the ability to
package up these processes that our team
package up these processes that our team

package up these processes that our team
members use. So maybe we've got an
members use. So maybe we've got an

members use. So maybe we've got an
excellent designer or an excellent
excellent designer or an excellent

excellent designer or an excellent
engineering manager who's really good at
engineering manager who's really good at

engineering manager who's really good at
code review or back-end architect or
code review or back-end architect or

code review or back-end architect or
anything else. What's really neat is
anything else. What's really neat is

anything else. What's really neat is
being able to package up their expertise
being able to package up their expertise

being able to package up their expertise
into something like a sub agent or a
into something like a sub agent or a

into something like a sub agent or a
slash command or even an MCP and
slash command or even an MCP and

slash command or even an MCP and
distribute that across the team so that
distribute that across the team so that

distribute that across the team so that
you can benefit without even knowing the
you can benefit without even knowing the

you can benefit without even knowing the
nuances of the workflow from an expert
nuances of the workflow from an expert

nuances of the workflow from an expert
designer. When it comes to providing the
designer. When it comes to providing the

designer. When it comes to providing the
model's context in a prompt, I would
model's context in a prompt, I would

model's context in a prompt, I would
highly recommend also including as many
highly recommend also including as many

highly recommend also including as many
visual design elements as you can as
visual design elements as you can as

visual design elements as you can as
screenshots. So dragging in things like
screenshots. So dragging in things like

screenshots. So dragging in things like
even a lowfidelity sketch, kind of a UX
even a lowfidelity sketch, kind of a UX

even a lowfidelity sketch, kind of a UX
wireframe that you want, or references
wireframe that you want, or references

wireframe that you want, or references
to other designs, obviously a style
to other designs, obviously a style

to other designs, obviously a style
guide if you have it, or a collection of
guide if you have it, or a collection of

guide if you have it, or a collection of
different inspiration or kind of design
different inspiration or kind of design

different inspiration or kind of design
board elements that you want to bring
board elements that you want to bring

board elements that you want to bring
in. anything that you can use to channel
in. anything that you can use to channel

in. anything that you can use to channel
the visual modality of the model's
the visual modality of the model's

the visual modality of the model's
intellectual capacity in addition to all
intellectual capacity in addition to all

intellectual capacity in addition to all
the coding details such as being able to
the coding details such as being able to

the coding details such as being able to
specify front-end frameworks or best
specify front-end frameworks or best

specify front-end frameworks or best
practices. Things like hex codes for
practices. Things like hex codes for

practices. Things like hex codes for
colors and typography and everything
colors and typography and everything

colors and typography and everything
else. Those two combined are very
else. Those two combined are very

else. Those two combined are very
powerful. At the end of the day, the
powerful. At the end of the day, the

powerful. At the end of the day, the
performance of these models comes down
performance of these models comes down

performance of these models comes down
to context, tools, and validation steps.
to context, tools, and validation steps.

to context, tools, and validation steps.
So, I hope that this overview of the
So, I hope that this overview of the

So, I hope that this overview of the
tools and the validation side has been
tools and the validation side has been

tools and the validation side has been
really helpful and actionable for you.
really helpful and actionable for you.

really helpful and actionable for you.
Thank you so much for watching and stay
Thank you so much for watching and stay

Thank you so much for watching and stay
tuned for more videos like this. In the
tuned for more videos like this. In the

tuned for more videos like this. In the
meantime, if you enjoyed this video, I
meantime, if you enjoyed this video, I

meantime, if you enjoyed this video, I
think you'll really enjoy my recent deep
think you'll really enjoy my recent deep

think you'll really enjoy my recent deep
dive with my friends Anod and Galen at a
dive with my friends Anod and Galen at a

dive with my friends Anod and Galen at a
Seattle founders group on all of our
Seattle founders group on all of our

Seattle founders group on all of our
best practices for Claude Code. At least
best practices for Claude Code. At least

best practices for Claude Code. At least
all that we could fit into our
all that we could fit into our

all that we could fit into our
presentation. You can find that video
presentation. You can find that video

presentation. You can find that video
above along with my most recent video.
