
I was able to customize my cloud code
I was able to customize my cloud code

I was able to customize my cloud code
into a cloud designer which allows me to
into a cloud designer which allows me to

into a cloud designer which allows me to
iterate UI 10 times faster in cursor and
iterate UI 10 times faster in cursor and

iterate UI 10 times faster in cursor and
wings serve directly forking and
wings serve directly forking and

wings serve directly forking and
generating five to even 10 different UIs
generating five to even 10 different UIs

generating five to even 10 different UIs
at the same time and all this are made
at the same time and all this are made

at the same time and all this are made
possible with some hidden clock code
possible with some hidden clock code

possible with some hidden clock code
feature like parallel task commands and
feature like parallel task commands and

feature like parallel task commands and
new SDK that they just introduced. I'll
new SDK that they just introduced. I'll

new SDK that they just introduced. I'll
break it down for you so you can
break it down for you so you can

break it down for you so you can
replicate on your end. So one thing I
replicate on your end. So one thing I

replicate on your end. So one thing I
think people didn't realize is that you
think people didn't realize is that you

think people didn't realize is that you
can actually spin up multiple sub agents
can actually spin up multiple sub agents

can actually spin up multiple sub agents
within cloud code by simply prompiting.
within cloud code by simply prompiting.

within cloud code by simply prompiting.
For example, I can give a simple prompt.
For example, I can give a simple prompt.

For example, I can give a simple prompt.
Start a three parallel agent to
Start a three parallel agent to

Start a three parallel agent to
implement variations of the to-do app
implement variations of the to-do app

implement variations of the to-do app
UI. And then you will see that it start
UI. And then you will see that it start

UI. And then you will see that it start
three different task that is happening
three different task that is happening

three different task that is happening
at the same time. One agent will be
at the same time. One agent will be

at the same time. One agent will be
doing minimalist to-do UI. Another will
doing minimalist to-do UI. Another will

doing minimalist to-do UI. Another will
be doing modern to-do and third will be
be doing modern to-do and third will be

be doing modern to-do and third will be
cambban UI. And boom, you just got three
cambban UI. And boom, you just got three

cambban UI. And boom, you just got three
totally different style at the same
totally different style at the same

totally different style at the same
time. So it'll be much faster for you to
time. So it'll be much faster for you to

time. So it'll be much faster for you to
iterate. And you can imagine we can
iterate. And you can imagine we can

iterate. And you can imagine we can
actually package this to be some really
actually package this to be some really

actually package this to be some really
interesting UI iteration process with
interesting UI iteration process with

interesting UI iteration process with
this parallel task capability. There was
this parallel task capability. There was

this parallel task capability. There was
actually pretty heated debate last week
actually pretty heated debate last week

actually pretty heated debate last week
on Twitter where dev team published a
on Twitter where dev team published a

on Twitter where dev team published a
blog post called don't build multi- aent
blog post called don't build multi- aent

blog post called don't build multi- aent
system. One of the key insights they got
system. One of the key insights they got

system. One of the key insights they got
is that for task like coding where each
is that for task like coding where each

is that for task like coding where each
action you take actually imply specific
action you take actually imply specific

action you take actually imply specific
set of decisions you make and when you
set of decisions you make and when you

set of decisions you make and when you
do parallel task it is very likely leads
do parallel task it is very likely leads

do parallel task it is very likely leads
to things like merge conflicts because
to things like merge conflicts because

to things like merge conflicts because
each sub agent has no context about what
each sub agent has no context about what

each sub agent has no context about what
the other agent is working on and the
the other agent is working on and the

the other agent is working on and the
best approach they found is actually
best approach they found is actually

best approach they found is actually
just don't do parallel task at all and
just don't do parallel task at all and

just don't do parallel task at all and
putting everything into one single
putting everything into one single

putting everything into one single
thread. However, a few days later,
thread. However, a few days later,

thread. However, a few days later,
Entropy released their own blog post
Entropy released their own blog post

Entropy released their own blog post
about how do they apply multi- aent in
about how do they apply multi- aent in

about how do they apply multi- aent in
their own research system where they
their own research system where they

their own research system where they
build this group of agents and each sub
build this group of agents and each sub

build this group of agents and each sub
agent can actually have parallel task to
agent can actually have parallel task to

agent can actually have parallel task to
do things like research and I think both
do things like research and I think both

do things like research and I think both
had pretty valid points because most of
had pretty valid points because most of

had pretty valid points because most of
the time you do want to making sure the
the time you do want to making sure the

the time you do want to making sure the
agent has a full context when execute
agent has a full context when execute

agent has a full context when execute
task but there are scenario that makes
task but there are scenario that makes

task but there are scenario that makes
sense like research it is going to be
sense like research it is going to be

sense like research it is going to be
faster if you spin up five research
faster if you spin up five research

faster if you spin up five research
topics and summarize everything in the
topics and summarize everything in the

topics and summarize everything in the
end and same thing for the UI design
end and same thing for the UI design

end and same thing for the UI design
paralas is actually perfect use case
paralas is actually perfect use case

paralas is actually perfect use case
because When we do design in Figma, what
because When we do design in Figma, what

because When we do design in Figma, what
we often do is that we'll just fork and
we often do is that we'll just fork and

we often do is that we'll just fork and
do a few different variations and
do a few different variations and

do a few different variations and
compare them kind of side by side and
compare them kind of side by side and

compare them kind of side by side and
eventually we get like final version. So
eventually we get like final version. So

eventually we get like final version. So
have that capability of have parallel
have that capability of have parallel

have that capability of have parallel
task on design has been a pretty good
task on design has been a pretty good

task on design has been a pretty good
pattern and what I want to show you is
pattern and what I want to show you is

pattern and what I want to show you is
how I utilize the parallel task
how I utilize the parallel task

how I utilize the parallel task
capability in cloud code to have some
capability in cloud code to have some

capability in cloud code to have some
really interesting UI workflow. But
really interesting UI workflow. But

really interesting UI workflow. But
before I dive into that, I know many of
before I dive into that, I know many of

before I dive into that, I know many of
you are building AI applications or AI
you are building AI applications or AI

you are building AI applications or AI
agents that needs access to internet
agents that needs access to internet

agents that needs access to internet
data from research about business to get
data from research about business to get

data from research about business to get
latest news and a smart and reliable way
latest news and a smart and reliable way

latest news and a smart and reliable way
to turn any website data into large
to turn any website data into large

to turn any website data into large
language model friendly format is
language model friendly format is

language model friendly format is
critical. That's why I want to introduce
critical. That's why I want to introduce

critical. That's why I want to introduce
you to FRO. They were the first open-
you to FRO. They were the first open-

you to FRO. They were the first open-
source project. They offer effective way
source project. They offer effective way

source project. They offer effective way
to turn any website into clean format
to turn any website into clean format

to turn any website into clean format
that is optimized for large language
that is optimized for large language

that is optimized for large language
model to consume. You can browse through
model to consume. You can browse through

model to consume. You can browse through
all the subpage of a website and it
all the subpage of a website and it

all the subpage of a website and it
handle PDF, word doc or even Excel file
handle PDF, word doc or even Excel file

handle PDF, word doc or even Excel file
that are attached from URL and has
that are attached from URL and has

that are attached from URL and has
capability like smart weight d content
capability like smart weight d content

capability like smart weight d content
loading so that you can guess website
loading so that you can guess website

loading so that you can guess website
with more strict anti-bos setup and for
with more strict anti-bos setup and for

with more strict anti-bos setup and for
the past few months they just launched a
the past few months they just launched a

the past few months they just launched a
whole bunch of new feature that is going
whole bunch of new feature that is going

whole bunch of new feature that is going
to make web scraping 10x easier. For
to make web scraping 10x easier. For

to make web scraping 10x easier. For
example, they introduced this new search
example, they introduced this new search

example, they introduced this new search
endpoint that's going to give you back
endpoint that's going to give you back

endpoint that's going to give you back
the most random websites as well as
the most random websites as well as

the most random websites as well as
extract markdown content of those
extract markdown content of those

extract markdown content of those
website directly in just one API call.
website directly in just one API call.

website directly in just one API call.
This is going to make your AI
This is going to make your AI

This is going to make your AI
application way faster because you don't
application way faster because you don't

application way faster because you don't
need scarfolding the whole pipeline of
need scarfolding the whole pipeline of

need scarfolding the whole pipeline of
search and scrape from different
search and scrape from different

search and scrape from different
service. And they also introduced this
service. And they also introduced this

service. And they also introduced this
new extract endpoint where it can handle
new extract endpoint where it can handle

new extract endpoint where it can handle
things like pageionation and page
things like pageionation and page

things like pageionation and page
interaction with their own fire one
interaction with their own fire one

interaction with their own fire one
agent that is capable to interact with
agent that is capable to interact with

agent that is capable to interact with
website like e-commerce to clicks
website like e-commerce to clicks

website like e-commerce to clicks
through buttons get a full content and
through buttons get a full content and

through buttons get a full content and
it can even similar complex action like
it can even similar complex action like

it can even similar complex action like
login and authentication as well. All
login and authentication as well. All

login and authentication as well. All
you need is just give a URL, the prompt,
you need is just give a URL, the prompt,

you need is just give a URL, the prompt,
the data structure you want and this
the data structure you want and this

the data structure you want and this
agent will open up the browser, navigate
agent will open up the browser, navigate

agent will open up the browser, navigate
through the website to multiple
through the website to multiple

through the website to multiple
different pages until they find
different pages until they find

different pages until they find
information you want. And most
information you want. And most

information you want. And most
importantly, those abilities can be
importantly, those abilities can be

importantly, those abilities can be
called from API endpoint directly. So
called from API endpoint directly. So

called from API endpoint directly. So
you can give your own agents internet
you can give your own agents internet

you can give your own agents internet
and research capability with just few
and research capability with just few

and research capability with just few
lines code or integrate to automation
lines code or integrate to automation

lines code or integrate to automation
platform like Zapier and relevance AI by
platform like Zapier and relevance AI by

platform like Zapier and relevance AI by
calling firecore API directly. So if
calling firecore API directly. So if

calling firecore API directly. So if
you're looking for a smart way to script
you're looking for a smart way to script

you're looking for a smart way to script
internet data, I highly recommend you go
internet data, I highly recommend you go

internet data, I highly recommend you go
and check out firecro. Now let's get
and check out firecro. Now let's get

and check out firecro. Now let's get
back how can you customize cloud code
back how can you customize cloud code

back how can you customize cloud code
into cloud designer. So to understand
into cloud designer. So to understand

into cloud designer. So to understand
the workflow I'm going to show you there
the workflow I'm going to show you there

the workflow I'm going to show you there
are four core concepts. We already
are four core concepts. We already

are four core concepts. We already
covered the sub aents part and second
covered the sub aents part and second

covered the sub aents part and second
one is cloud.md. If you're pretty
one is cloud.md. If you're pretty

one is cloud.md. If you're pretty
familiar with cursor is basically cursor
familiar with cursor is basically cursor

familiar with cursor is basically cursor
rules but for cloud code with this one
rules but for cloud code with this one

rules but for cloud code with this one
we can customize how cloud code should
we can customize how cloud code should

we can customize how cloud code should
work and give it knowledge about what
work and give it knowledge about what

work and give it knowledge about what
type of task you should do in parallel
type of task you should do in parallel

type of task you should do in parallel
what type of task you shouldn't. And I
what type of task you shouldn't. And I

what type of task you shouldn't. And I
will show you a quick example. For
will show you a quick example. For

will show you a quick example. For
example, if you open cloud in any folder
example, if you open cloud in any folder

example, if you open cloud in any folder
and just create a file called cloud.md
and just create a file called cloud.md

and just create a file called cloud.md
and you can just put whatever
and you can just put whatever

and you can just put whatever
instruction here like you always respond
instruction here like you always respond

instruction here like you always respond
in all caps. Now if you try to run cloud
in all caps. Now if you try to run cloud

in all caps. Now if you try to run cloud
and say hi, it will respond back in all
and say hi, it will respond back in all

and say hi, it will respond back in all
caps. But you can imagine we can also
caps. But you can imagine we can also

caps. But you can imagine we can also
put some very specialized prompt for
put some very specialized prompt for

put some very specialized prompt for
this as well. For example, this is a
this as well. For example, this is a

this as well. For example, this is a
prompt that I have been playing with
prompt that I have been playing with

prompt that I have been playing with
internal UI design where it includes
internal UI design where it includes

internal UI design where it includes
things like the color, font, layout,
things like the color, font, layout,

things like the color, font, layout,
stuff like that. So I can put in this
stuff like that. So I can put in this

stuff like that. So I can put in this
and also adding maybe some special rules
and also adding maybe some special rules

and also adding maybe some special rules
that when you were asked to build UI
that when you were asked to build UI

that when you were asked to build UI
iterations, you always just create one
iterations, you always just create one

iterations, you always just create one
single HTML file. So I can give a simple
single HTML file. So I can give a simple

single HTML file. So I can give a simple
prompt like build me a modern to-do app
prompt like build me a modern to-do app

prompt like build me a modern to-do app
UI. It will basically following my
UI. It will basically following my

UI. It will basically following my
rules. It won't create some complicated
rules. It won't create some complicated

rules. It won't create some complicated
project. And this will just create a one
project. And this will just create a one

project. And this will just create a one
single HTML file that contain a nice
single HTML file that contain a nice

single HTML file that contain a nice
kind of modern UI. So this is cloud MD
kind of modern UI. So this is cloud MD

kind of modern UI. So this is cloud MD
the custom rules for cloud code. The
the custom rules for cloud code. The

the custom rules for cloud code. The
next thing which is very powerful called
next thing which is very powerful called

next thing which is very powerful called
commands. So you can basically predefine
commands. So you can basically predefine

commands. So you can basically predefine
list of common workflow that you want
list of common workflow that you want

list of common workflow that you want
cloud to follow. So you can create a
cloud to follow. So you can create a

cloud to follow. So you can create a
folder called cloud. Inside you can have
folder called cloud. Inside you can have

folder called cloud. Inside you can have
another folder called commands. This is
another folder called commands. This is

another folder called commands. This is
where we're going to create some cool
where we're going to create some cool

where we're going to create some cool
stuff. Let's say you want to create a
stuff. Let's say you want to create a

stuff. Let's say you want to create a
joke generated command. So you create a
joke generated command. So you create a

joke generated command. So you create a
joke.md and we can just say make a joke
joke.md and we can just say make a joke

joke.md and we can just say make a joke
about arguments. So arguments is a
about arguments. So arguments is a

about arguments. So arguments is a
special thing that pass to clock in the
special thing that pass to clock in the

special thing that pass to clock in the
command so that you almost create a
command so that you almost create a

command so that you almost create a
prompt template that can be used for
prompt template that can be used for

prompt template that can be used for
many different scenarios and I can give
many different scenarios and I can give

many different scenarios and I can give
it some custom instruction always and a
it some custom instruction always and a

it some custom instruction always and a
joke with a man eating chips and now if
joke with a man eating chips and now if

joke with a man eating chips and now if
I do slash you will see that there's a
I do slash you will see that there's a

I do slash you will see that there's a
slash joke option and I will just type
slash joke option and I will just type

slash joke option and I will just type
in joke then what are you putting down
in joke then what are you putting down

in joke then what are you putting down
after is what's going to be passed to
after is what's going to be passed to

after is what's going to be passed to
arguments so I here can say AI coding
arguments so I here can say AI coding

arguments so I here can say AI coding
and then you will see that I generate a
and then you will see that I generate a

and then you will see that I generate a
prompt about AI coding and with the
prompt about AI coding and with the

prompt about AI coding and with the
specific instruction that we give inside
specific instruction that we give inside

specific instruction that we give inside
here if from cloud code's official doc.
here if from cloud code's official doc.

here if from cloud code's official doc.
It can even do something like you can
It can even do something like you can

It can even do something like you can
literally just natural language putting
literally just natural language putting

literally just natural language putting
some commands that you wanted to run. It
some commands that you wanted to run. It

some commands that you wanted to run. It
will actually execute those command line
will actually execute those command line

will actually execute those command line
before I do the task. For example, you
before I do the task. For example, you

before I do the task. For example, you
can actually create a command like this
can actually create a command like this

can actually create a command like this
where it will do those command line to
where it will do those command line to

where it will do those command line to
check get status first before you
check get status first before you

check get status first before you
execute a task. So if I try this and do
execute a task. So if I try this and do

execute a task. So if I try this and do
the joke now it is actually running
the joke now it is actually running

the joke now it is actually running
those command line to check the get
those command line to check the get

those command line to check the get
status because I didn't set up yet. It's
status because I didn't set up yet. It's

status because I didn't set up yet. It's
just a not a get repository. But if I
just a not a get repository. But if I

just a not a get repository. But if I
initiate the git here and run cloud
initiate the git here and run cloud

initiate the git here and run cloud
again, it will give you a different joke
again, it will give you a different joke

again, it will give you a different joke
about main branch because now I set up
about main branch because now I set up

about main branch because now I set up
the git. So to me this is like a mystery
the git. So to me this is like a mystery

the git. So to me this is like a mystery
but super super powerful feature. And
but super super powerful feature. And

but super super powerful feature. And
what I want to show you is how do I use
what I want to show you is how do I use

what I want to show you is how do I use
this to create some sort of UI flow. So
this to create some sort of UI flow. So

this to create some sort of UI flow. So
I'll create another folder inside let's
I'll create another folder inside let's

I'll create another folder inside let's
say UI and create a one called extracted
say UI and create a one called extracted

say UI and create a one called extracted
system and putting this prompt.
system and putting this prompt.

system and putting this prompt.
Basically it will have the task of the
Basically it will have the task of the

Basically it will have the task of the
UI it should analyze which we're passing
UI it should analyze which we're passing

UI it should analyze which we're passing
through a image URL and the goal here is
through a image URL and the goal here is

through a image URL and the goal here is
to extract like color pattern typography
to extract like color pattern typography

to extract like color pattern typography
stuff like that and also save the design
stuff like that and also save the design

stuff like that and also save the design
system JSON into a folder called prd. So
system JSON into a folder called prd. So

system JSON into a folder called prd. So
this will allow us to give cloud code a
this will allow us to give cloud code a

this will allow us to give cloud code a
kind of UI mock and it will just
kind of UI mock and it will just

kind of UI mock and it will just
generate the design system from that. I
generate the design system from that. I

generate the design system from that. I
found that this works much better than
found that this works much better than

found that this works much better than
you just give the UI reference ask to do
you just give the UI reference ask to do

you just give the UI reference ask to do
right away. And second command I also
right away. And second command I also

right away. And second command I also
use is this iterate design MD. So this
use is this iterate design MD. So this

use is this iterate design MD. So this
is the one that I want cloud to spin up
is the one that I want cloud to spin up

is the one that I want cloud to spin up
three or five sub aents to concurrently
three or five sub aents to concurrently

three or five sub aents to concurrently
implement the same UI in different
implement the same UI in different

implement the same UI in different
style. So I will ask it to analyze a
style. So I will ask it to analyze a

style. So I will ask it to analyze a
design system JSON file we created and
design system JSON file we created and

design system JSON file we created and
then build one single HTML page and
then build one single HTML page and

then build one single HTML page and
output the HTML in the UI iteration
output the HTML in the UI iteration

output the HTML in the UI iteration
folder called UI 1 UI2 UI3. So with
folder called UI 1 UI2 UI3. So with

folder called UI 1 UI2 UI3. So with
these two things I'm going to show you a
these two things I'm going to show you a

these two things I'm going to show you a
very interesting workflow. First I will
very interesting workflow. First I will

very interesting workflow. First I will
go to website like moen or dribble to
go to website like moen or dribble to

go to website like moen or dribble to
just get some UI inspiration. And let's
just get some UI inspiration. And let's

just get some UI inspiration. And let's
say I quite like this one. I can save
say I quite like this one. I can save

say I quite like this one. I can save
this image zui/ extract design system
this image zui/ extract design system

this image zui/ extract design system
and I will drag this image here and then
and I will drag this image here and then

and I will drag this image here and then
it will create this design system.json
it will create this design system.json

it will create this design system.json
this prd folder as I instructed which
this prd folder as I instructed which

this prd folder as I instructed which
have those kind of more detailed style.
have those kind of more detailed style.

have those kind of more detailed style.
Next I can call second command iterate
Next I can call second command iterate

Next I can call second command iterate
design give a prompt a modern phone
design give a prompt a modern phone

design give a prompt a modern phone
to-do app using this design style as
to-do app using this design style as

to-do app using this design style as
reference which I'm referring to this
reference which I'm referring to this

reference which I'm referring to this
design system file we created earlier.
design system file we created earlier.

design system file we created earlier.
Then it will set up three different
Then it will set up three different

Then it will set up three different
tasks. You can see for each task it
tasks. You can see for each task it

tasks. You can see for each task it
actually has a very detailed task about
actually has a very detailed task about

actually has a very detailed task about
UI reference design directions like
UI reference design directions like

UI reference design directions like
that. By the way, you can use control R
that. By the way, you can use control R

that. By the way, you can use control R
to expand and then Ctrl E to see those
to expand and then Ctrl E to see those

to expand and then Ctrl E to see those
details. And of course, you can like
details. And of course, you can like

details. And of course, you can like
always toggle between. But honestly,
always toggle between. But honestly,

always toggle between. But honestly,
there's still some bugs. So, I'm just
there's still some bugs. So, I'm just

there's still some bugs. So, I'm just
going to let it run like this. And now
going to let it run like this. And now

going to let it run like this. And now
it output three different UI in the UI
it output three different UI in the UI

it output three different UI in the UI
iterations. If I open them, they all
iterations. If I open them, they all

iterations. If I open them, they all
looks somewhat different in terms of
looks somewhat different in terms of

looks somewhat different in terms of
style and animations. And what's really
style and animations. And what's really

style and animations. And what's really
cool is that let's assume I like this
cool is that let's assume I like this

cool is that let's assume I like this
UI2 version. But I want to iterate a bit
UI2 version. But I want to iterate a bit

UI2 version. But I want to iterate a bit
further based on this version because I
further based on this version because I

further based on this version because I
want to build a kind of dark mode and
want to build a kind of dark mode and

want to build a kind of dark mode and
then I can do the same thing again. This
then I can do the same thing again. This

then I can do the same thing again. This
iterate UI2 HTML version which is best
iterate UI2 HTML version which is best

iterate UI2 HTML version which is best
one so far and try dark mode. Then you
one so far and try dark mode. Then you

one so far and try dark mode. Then you
will see this time it will analyze the
will see this time it will analyze the

will see this time it will analyze the
current UI2 design and try to spin up
current UI2 design and try to spin up

current UI2 design and try to spin up
three parallel tasks. And the more I use
three parallel tasks. And the more I use

three parallel tasks. And the more I use
it, I realized that the way this command
it, I realized that the way this command

it, I realized that the way this command
line works, it's basically sending a
line works, it's basically sending a

line works, it's basically sending a
prompt template to the cloud and along
prompt template to the cloud and along

prompt template to the cloud and along
with this prompt you put in here. And
with this prompt you put in here. And

with this prompt you put in here. And
this is really interesting, right?
this is really interesting, right?

this is really interesting, right?
Because traditionally, if you design
Because traditionally, if you design

Because traditionally, if you design
software, you probably were uh designing
software, you probably were uh designing

software, you probably were uh designing
a way that you have to define what type
a way that you have to define what type

a way that you have to define what type
of arguments are and user have to give
of arguments are and user have to give

of arguments are and user have to give
those arguments. But they basically keep
those arguments. But they basically keep

those arguments. But they basically keep
it super free. Uh you just give a free
it super free. Uh you just give a free

it super free. Uh you just give a free
text agent just magically figure out.
text agent just magically figure out.

text agent just magically figure out.
This is just such interesting kind of
This is just such interesting kind of

This is just such interesting kind of
design pattern I found. So after 200
design pattern I found. So after 200

design pattern I found. So after 200
seconds, I got three versions of
seconds, I got three versions of

seconds, I got three versions of
different UI based on the previous
different UI based on the previous

different UI based on the previous
version two I like, but some sort of
version two I like, but some sort of

version two I like, but some sort of
variation between each one of them. Like
variation between each one of them. Like

variation between each one of them. Like
this one has some kind of glowy uh
this one has some kind of glowy uh

this one has some kind of glowy uh
style, which is pretty cool. But this is
style, which is pretty cool. But this is

style, which is pretty cool. But this is
kind of the workflow. I can choose the
kind of the workflow. I can choose the

kind of the workflow. I can choose the
version I like and then ask to iterate a
version I like and then ask to iterate a

version I like and then ask to iterate a
few different versions. I can even
few different versions. I can even

few different versions. I can even
probably grab the glowy style from this
probably grab the glowy style from this

probably grab the glowy style from this
version as well as a pure dark
version as well as a pure dark

version as well as a pure dark
background from this style. Ask it to
background from this style. Ask it to

background from this style. Ask it to
iterate. I'm pretty sure it can figure
iterate. I'm pretty sure it can figure

iterate. I'm pretty sure it can figure
out. And once you done, you can get a
out. And once you done, you can get a

out. And once you done, you can get a
HTML that has a style you want. then
HTML that has a style you want. then

HTML that has a style you want. then
just start prompting cursor to actually
just start prompting cursor to actually

just start prompting cursor to actually
break down into components and build a
break down into components and build a

break down into components and build a
proper UI in nextJS project. But this
proper UI in nextJS project. But this

proper UI in nextJS project. But this
workflow of iterating UI is something
workflow of iterating UI is something

workflow of iterating UI is something
that I've been trying a lot and it has
that I've been trying a lot and it has

that I've been trying a lot and it has
been really really helpful. But this
been really really helpful. But this

been really really helpful. But this
workflow can only allow you to build
workflow can only allow you to build

workflow can only allow you to build
like single HTML page. What if you want
like single HTML page. What if you want

like single HTML page. What if you want
to set up parallel agent to work on
to set up parallel agent to work on

to set up parallel agent to work on
different UI iteration on your actual
different UI iteration on your actual

different UI iteration on your actual
production NexJS app and this is where
production NexJS app and this is where

production NexJS app and this is where
the fourth concept comes in Git work
the fourth concept comes in Git work

the fourth concept comes in Git work
tree. So if you're familiar with g most
tree. So if you're familiar with g most

tree. So if you're familiar with g most
of the time you can only have one branch
of the time you can only have one branch

of the time you can only have one branch
running on your computer at the same
running on your computer at the same

running on your computer at the same
time and g work tree is a feature they
time and g work tree is a feature they

time and g work tree is a feature they
have that allow you to set up multiple
have that allow you to set up multiple

have that allow you to set up multiple
different sandbox environment of your
different sandbox environment of your

different sandbox environment of your
specific report. So you can get a
specific report. So you can get a

specific report. So you can get a
multiple cloud code each working on a
multiple cloud code each working on a

multiple cloud code each working on a
individual work tree without impact each
individual work tree without impact each

individual work tree without impact each
other's work and in the end you can just
other's work and in the end you can just

other's work and in the end you can just
pick up the version you like and merge
pick up the version you like and merge

pick up the version you like and merge
them together and all you need to do
them together and all you need to do

them together and all you need to do
just run this command get work tree
just run this command get work tree

just run this command get work tree
add-b with a branch name and then pass
add-b with a branch name and then pass

add-b with a branch name and then pass
where do you want to copy and create a
where do you want to copy and create a

where do you want to copy and create a
sandbox of your current rip for example
sandbox of your current rip for example

sandbox of your current rip for example
here I have a basic to-do app that I
here I have a basic to-do app that I

here I have a basic to-do app that I
built with nextjs and chass in it has
built with nextjs and chass in it has

built with nextjs and chass in it has
multiple different components it is much
multiple different components it is much

multiple different components it is much
more complicated than a single HTML page
more complicated than a single HTML page

more complicated than a single HTML page
what I can do is open terminal and do
what I can do is open terminal and do

what I can do is open terminal and do
get work tree add b which is branch name
get work tree add b which is branch name

get work tree add b which is branch name
and I'll call it like demo branch. Then
and I'll call it like demo branch. Then

and I'll call it like demo branch. Then
I'll remove that into a specific folder.
I'll remove that into a specific folder.

I'll remove that into a specific folder.
Um what I going to do is I will just
Um what I going to do is I will just

Um what I going to do is I will just
create a trees folder with the same
create a trees folder with the same

create a trees folder with the same
branch name so it's easier for us to
branch name so it's easier for us to

branch name so it's easier for us to
identify and understand what that is
identify and understand what that is

identify and understand what that is
about. If I do this you can see a new
about. If I do this you can see a new

about. If I do this you can see a new
folder called trees created. Inside it
folder called trees created. Inside it

folder called trees created. Inside it
has another folder called demo branch
has another folder called demo branch

has another folder called demo branch
which has everything we have at root
which has everything we have at root

which has everything we have at root
branch. So this is how you can set up a
branch. So this is how you can set up a

branch. So this is how you can set up a
work tree. And now I can do cd trees
work tree. And now I can do cd trees

work tree. And now I can do cd trees
demo branch. And once I get inside, I
demo branch. And once I get inside, I

demo branch. And once I get inside, I
can do PNPM install and PMP dev. And you
can do PNPM install and PMP dev. And you

can do PNPM install and PMP dev. And you
will see the same application is running
will see the same application is running

will see the same application is running
here in a different portal. And the
here in a different portal. And the

here in a different portal. And the
easiest way will be we can just set up a
easiest way will be we can just set up a

easiest way will be we can just set up a
new cloud here and ask it to iterate UI.
new cloud here and ask it to iterate UI.

new cloud here and ask it to iterate UI.
And once you get one version you're
And once you get one version you're

And once you get one version you're
pretty happy with, you can set it up and
pretty happy with, you can set it up and

pretty happy with, you can set it up and
do get merge demo branch. So this how
do get merge demo branch. So this how

do get merge demo branch. So this how
the work tree works. Theoretically, you
the work tree works. Theoretically, you

the work tree works. Theoretically, you
can already have a workflow to firstly
can already have a workflow to firstly

can already have a workflow to firstly
create multiple different work trees and
create multiple different work trees and

create multiple different work trees and
then set up parallel agents to work on
then set up parallel agents to work on

then set up parallel agents to work on
each individual work tree folders. But
each individual work tree folders. But

each individual work tree folders. But
what I really experimented is I actually
what I really experimented is I actually

what I really experimented is I actually
created one command called execute
created one command called execute

created one command called execute
parallel agents and this is one command
parallel agents and this is one command

parallel agents and this is one command
with the prompt template that I have. It
with the prompt template that I have. It

with the prompt template that I have. It
will have two steps. First step will be
will have two steps. First step will be

will have two steps. First step will be
set up multiple different g trees based
set up multiple different g trees based

set up multiple different g trees based
on the user's request. If a user asks
on the user's request. If a user asks

on the user's request. If a user asks
for three different variations then
for three different variations then

for three different variations then
create three different work trees and
create three different work trees and

create three different work trees and
each one of them follow the naming
each one of them follow the naming

each one of them follow the naming
convention we have and then do pmppm
convention we have and then do pmppm

convention we have and then do pmppm
install setup. Then step two is set up
install setup. Then step two is set up

install setup. Then step two is set up
parallel sub agents. This is where the
parallel sub agents. This is where the

parallel sub agents. This is where the
master cloud code agent will spin up
master cloud code agent will spin up

master cloud code agent will spin up
multiple different sub agents. Each one
multiple different sub agents. Each one

multiple different sub agents. Each one
work on a different branch and this
work on a different branch and this

work on a different branch and this
command will basically do the whole
command will basically do the whole

command will basically do the whole
workflow for us. Whenever I want
workflow for us. Whenever I want

workflow for us. Whenever I want
multiple different agents to iterate
multiple different agents to iterate

multiple different agents to iterate
this UI on existing production projects.
this UI on existing production projects.

this UI on existing production projects.
For the second prompt here, I actually
For the second prompt here, I actually

For the second prompt here, I actually
got some inspiration from another
got some inspiration from another

got some inspiration from another
content creator called indie dam den who
content creator called indie dam den who

content creator called indie dam den who
also talk about this parallel agent
also talk about this parallel agent

also talk about this parallel agent
workflow. So I highly recommend you
workflow. So I highly recommend you

workflow. So I highly recommend you
check out if you want to learn more. But
check out if you want to learn more. But

check out if you want to learn more. But
let me quickly show you how does this
let me quickly show you how does this

let me quickly show you how does this
work. So I have this command that I
work. So I have this command that I

work. So I have this command that I
showed you earlier and just do cloud
showed you earlier and just do cloud

showed you earlier and just do cloud
then I can just slash to use execute
then I can just slash to use execute

then I can just slash to use execute
parallel agent command and I'll just
parallel agent command and I'll just

parallel agent command and I'll just
give a command try three versions of UI
give a command try three versions of UI

give a command try three versions of UI
one nerdy style one kid style and one
one nerdy style one kid style and one

one nerdy style one kid style and one
gaming style. There we say I will help
gaming style. There we say I will help

gaming style. There we say I will help
you create three parallel agents work on
you create three parallel agents work on

you create three parallel agents work on
different things with three different
different things with three different

different things with three different
to-dos. Firstly it will create three
to-dos. Firstly it will create three

to-dos. Firstly it will create three
work trees for nerdy kit and gaming UI
work trees for nerdy kit and gaming UI

work trees for nerdy kit and gaming UI
style. Install dependencies in each work
style. Install dependencies in each work

style. Install dependencies in each work
tree and then launch three parallel
tree and then launch three parallel

tree and then launch three parallel
agents to work on each one of them. And
agents to work on each one of them. And

agents to work on each one of them. And
now if I open trees you can see there
now if I open trees you can see there

now if I open trees you can see there
are three different branch and work tree
are three different branch and work tree

are three different branch and work tree
has been created and after that it will
has been created and after that it will

has been created and after that it will
start setting up the project. And after
start setting up the project. And after

start setting up the project. And after
setup it's going to launch three
setup it's going to launch three

setup it's going to launch three
parallel agent to implement different UI
parallel agent to implement different UI

parallel agent to implement different UI
stuff. And you can see three parallel
stuff. And you can see three parallel

stuff. And you can see three parallel
task has been created. Each one of them
task has been created. Each one of them

task has been created. Each one of them
going to be assigned to a individual sub
going to be assigned to a individual sub

going to be assigned to a individual sub
agent. And if we do control R you can
agent. And if we do control R you can

agent. And if we do control R you can
see the detail of each task that sub
see the detail of each task that sub

see the detail of each task that sub
agent is receiving. It has the task the
agent is receiving. It has the task the

agent is receiving. It has the task the
prompt the key files to modify and
prompt the key files to modify and

prompt the key files to modify and
requirements and each task is slightly
requirements and each task is slightly

requirements and each task is slightly
different to reflect style we want. And
different to reflect style we want. And

different to reflect style we want. And
this process is going to take some time.
this process is going to take some time.

this process is going to take some time.
I've actually found this is slower than
I've actually found this is slower than

I've actually found this is slower than
I just call let's say three entropic
I just call let's say three entropic

I just call let's say three entropic
call in parallel. I assume entropy
call in parallel. I assume entropy

call in parallel. I assume entropy
actually do some kind of re limiting
actually do some kind of re limiting

actually do some kind of re limiting
management. So it does take some time
management. So it does take some time

management. So it does take some time
but the cool thing is that you get all
but the cool thing is that you get all

but the cool thing is that you get all
those UI in one go. So you don't have to
those UI in one go. So you don't have to

those UI in one go. So you don't have to
follow that specific linear flow and
follow that specific linear flow and

follow that specific linear flow and
each version will be inside its own
each version will be inside its own

each version will be inside its own
folder. So in the end I got three
folder. So in the end I got three

folder. So in the end I got three
different versions. Each one of the
different versions. Each one of the

different versions. Each one of the
version does look quite different based
version does look quite different based

version does look quite different based
on the kind of style of prompt it
on the kind of style of prompt it

on the kind of style of prompt it
explore like this nerdy dad version this
explore like this nerdy dad version this

explore like this nerdy dad version this
kind of kids version and we also have
kind of kids version and we also have

kind of kids version and we also have
this kind of gaming style as well. And
this kind of gaming style as well. And

this kind of gaming style as well. And
you can imagine I can even further doing
you can imagine I can even further doing

you can imagine I can even further doing
this. Assuming I like this nerdy
this. Assuming I like this nerdy

this. Assuming I like this nerdy
version, then I can give another
version, then I can give another

version, then I can give another
parallel task to set up three more new
parallel task to set up three more new

parallel task to set up three more new
branches to iterate based on this. So
branches to iterate based on this. So

branches to iterate based on this. So
this is kind of the workflow I feel like
this is kind of the workflow I feel like

this is kind of the workflow I feel like
going to be really developed for next
going to be really developed for next

going to be really developed for next
few months especially for UI iteration
few months especially for UI iteration

few months especially for UI iteration
tasks. But in the end just making sure
tasks. But in the end just making sure

tasks. But in the end just making sure
remember to delete the trees that you
remember to delete the trees that you

remember to delete the trees that you
don't want because each branch actually
don't want because each branch actually

don't want because each branch actually
can be pretty big because you need to
can be pretty big because you need to

can be pretty big because you need to
install all the packages inside.
install all the packages inside.

install all the packages inside.
Meanwhile, I was imagined what if we
Meanwhile, I was imagined what if we

Meanwhile, I was imagined what if we
have this kind of parallel task
have this kind of parallel task

have this kind of parallel task
execution experience plus some sort of
execution experience plus some sort of

execution experience plus some sort of
easy way for you to set up sandbox, view
easy way for you to set up sandbox, view

easy way for you to set up sandbox, view
the results, iterate based on certain
the results, iterate based on certain

the results, iterate based on certain
design and also delete the work tree
design and also delete the work tree

design and also delete the work tree
when it's not needed. Especially now
when it's not needed. Especially now

when it's not needed. Especially now
cloud code has its SDK where we can
cloud code has its SDK where we can

cloud code has its SDK where we can
integrate a coding assistant very easily
integrate a coding assistant very easily

integrate a coding assistant very easily
with custom prompt tools. So during the
with custom prompt tools. So during the

with custom prompt tools. So during the
weekend, my friend Jack and I have been
weekend, my friend Jack and I have been

weekend, my friend Jack and I have been
trying this weekend purchase. We
trying this weekend purchase. We

trying this weekend purchase. We
basically integrate to cloud AI SDK and
basically integrate to cloud AI SDK and

basically integrate to cloud AI SDK and
build a cursor extension that you can
build a cursor extension that you can

build a cursor extension that you can
inside your existing pure right away and
inside your existing pure right away and

inside your existing pure right away and
ask it to start experimenting different
ask it to start experimenting different

ask it to start experimenting different
UI. You will have Canva on the right
UI. You will have Canva on the right

UI. You will have Canva on the right
side to preview the UI generated. Then
side to preview the UI generated. Then

side to preview the UI generated. Then
select certain version you like and ask
select certain version you like and ask

select certain version you like and ask
it iterated further. So you can visit
it iterated further. So you can visit

it iterated further. So you can visit
superdesign.dev and click on install for
superdesign.dev and click on install for

superdesign.dev and click on install for
free button. This will allow you to just
free button. This will allow you to just

free button. This will allow you to just
one click installing cursor when you
one click installing cursor when you

one click installing cursor when you
serve or any other ID you're using. It
serve or any other ID you're using. It

serve or any other ID you're using. It
will open the superdesign extension and
will open the superdesign extension and

will open the superdesign extension and
after install you can do command shiftp
after install you can do command shiftp

after install you can do command shiftp
and this one option called configure
and this one option called configure

and this one option called configure
entropy API key. So you put your entropy
entropy API key. So you put your entropy

entropy API key. So you put your entropy
API key here because we are using cloud
API key here because we are using cloud

API key here because we are using cloud
code SDK behind the scenes and once that
code SDK behind the scenes and once that

code SDK behind the scenes and once that
part is done click on super design. This
part is done click on super design. This

part is done click on super design. This
will open a chat on the left side and a
will open a chat on the left side and a

will open a chat on the left side and a
camera view on the right side and you
camera view on the right side and you

camera view on the right side and you
can give a prompt design me some
can give a prompt design me some

can give a prompt design me some
wireframe of a calculator. Then you will
wireframe of a calculator. Then you will

wireframe of a calculator. Then you will
see the agents start working and trigger
see the agents start working and trigger

see the agents start working and trigger
multiple tasks. Each task with a
multiple tasks. Each task with a

multiple tasks. Each task with a
slightly different uh brief about what
slightly different uh brief about what

slightly different uh brief about what
type of design it is. You're basically
type of design it is. You're basically

type of design it is. You're basically
creating design inside the super design
creating design inside the super design

creating design inside the super design
design iteration folder. And at this
design iteration folder. And at this

design iteration folder. And at this
point each design takes roughly 1 minute
point each design takes roughly 1 minute

point each design takes roughly 1 minute
to generate. They're very clear path for
to generate. They're very clear path for

to generate. They're very clear path for
us to optimize and make it way faster.
us to optimize and make it way faster.

us to optimize and make it way faster.
Uh but we just want to ship it as the
Uh but we just want to ship it as the

Uh but we just want to ship it as the
first version for now. And all the
first version for now. And all the

first version for now. And all the
design generated will be showing up on
design generated will be showing up on

design generated will be showing up on
the right side. And now you can see
the right side. And now you can see

the right side. And now you can see
generate a few different kind of
generate a few different kind of

generate a few different kind of
wireframe options for the calculator.
wireframe options for the calculator.

wireframe options for the calculator.
And once I find the version I prefer, I
And once I find the version I prefer, I

And once I find the version I prefer, I
can click on this which will have a few
can click on this which will have a few

can click on this which will have a few
different options either create a
different options either create a

different options either create a
variations or iterate feedback as well
variations or iterate feedback as well

variations or iterate feedback as well
as copy prompt for cursor we insert
as copy prompt for cursor we insert

as copy prompt for cursor we insert
direct with. So I can click on this
direct with. So I can click on this

direct with. So I can click on this
iterator with feedback button. Then give
iterator with feedback button. Then give

iterator with feedback button. Then give
a prompt. This looks great. Now build a
a prompt. This looks great. Now build a

a prompt. This looks great. Now build a
hi-fi mo based on this layout. Then you
hi-fi mo based on this layout. Then you

hi-fi mo based on this layout. Then you
will see here it generate a few high
will see here it generate a few high

will see here it generate a few high
fidelity mockups based on that specific
fidelity mockups based on that specific

fidelity mockups based on that specific
layout. And you can imagine we can keep
layout. And you can imagine we can keep

layout. And you can imagine we can keep
iterating giving feedback and once I'm
iterating giving feedback and once I'm

iterating giving feedback and once I'm
happy I can click on this copy prompt
happy I can click on this copy prompt

happy I can click on this copy prompt
button. This will copy the full style.
button. This will copy the full style.

button. This will copy the full style.
So you can pass to cursor or cloud code
So you can pass to cursor or cloud code

So you can pass to cursor or cloud code
to do the actual implementation of the
to do the actual implementation of the

to do the actual implementation of the
web app. So this is the first version we
web app. So this is the first version we

web app. So this is the first version we
spin up going to do a lot of
spin up going to do a lot of

spin up going to do a lot of
improvements but super keen to just hear
improvements but super keen to just hear

improvements but super keen to just hear
feedback. Is this something you find
feedback. Is this something you find

feedback. Is this something you find
useful? If so, please give it a try.
useful? If so, please give it a try.

useful? If so, please give it a try.
This will be open source project you can
This will be open source project you can

This will be open source project you can
just download and try out yourself. So I
just download and try out yourself. So I

just download and try out yourself. So I
will put the link in the description
will put the link in the description

will put the link in the description
below so you can go and try out.
below so you can go and try out.

below so you can go and try out.
Meanwhile, I will put all the problems I
Meanwhile, I will put all the problems I

Meanwhile, I will put all the problems I
shared in AI builder club, which is a
shared in AI builder club, which is a

shared in AI builder club, which is a
community I'm building that has top AI
community I'm building that has top AI

community I'm building that has top AI
builders who are launching AI products.
builders who are launching AI products.

builders who are launching AI products.
Myself and other people will share also
Myself and other people will share also

Myself and other people will share also
tips and workflows that we found really
tips and workflows that we found really

tips and workflows that we found really
useful for both AI coding and build
useful for both AI coding and build

useful for both AI coding and build
large modelic software. So, I've also
large modelic software. So, I've also

large modelic software. So, I've also
put a link in the description below for
put a link in the description below for

put a link in the description below for
you to join as well if you want to learn
you to join as well if you want to learn

you to join as well if you want to learn
more. I'm really excited about this
more. I'm really excited about this

more. I'm really excited about this
project and what kind of feedback you
project and what kind of feedback you

project and what kind of feedback you
guys have. This is just a v 0.01 version
guys have. This is just a v 0.01 version

guys have. This is just a v 0.01 version
that only created one single HTML page.
that only created one single HTML page.

that only created one single HTML page.
The next version, we're going to add the
The next version, we're going to add the

The next version, we're going to add the
default work tree support so you can
default work tree support so you can

default work tree support so you can
iterate UI of your existing production
iterate UI of your existing production

iterate UI of your existing production
application. I'll keep you updated.
application. I'll keep you updated.

application. I'll keep you updated.
Thank you and I see you next time.
